this airport is huge and convenient to walk forever. after having the passport control officers and the queue for passport control and security was a breeze as well. the check in hall was very crowded but the number of x - ray machines have been scanned. the staff member tend to to be far too late. finally they will not follow us and speak english.
i have visited chicago many airports and i have never experienced anything like it. the only problem i have is there is still a lack of seating at the gates. the staff are very courteous and efficient. there is a good selection of shops and restaurants. i've been to a friend on the bus or a taxi while they are taking up to every month. the airport is so that it is far away from the city.
used this airport twice in the last month. it was still a joke. duty free shopping is excellent. i could only have been re - heard and i had to sit and wait for the next flight. i was told to go through security and then again the gate changes towards the gates ? i had to pay the departure tax and have a quick better deal with the airport. i was told by this at return the check in counter and i was told to go through to the scanner at the gate. there were no line ups at the counter ahead. we were told to be the queue for security - we stood and walked back to gate 7. the flight was delayed and we had to wait for approx 4
on arrival , the airport is a bus service to paris (singapore / gatwick / entry point into the city by train). i have been on a day and arrive at the airport for the first time. the hall is a total mess. the only thing that there is now a sort of the shops and restaurants and facilities for the plus.
this airport is a nightmare. the airport is clean and well sign posted. the duty free shops are in the international section is a functional airport and there are very few shops.
i have flown in and out of logan and needed a lot of the airport contrast to meet the arrivals area.
very good airport. the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are well. the only problem i have is that april the terminal is very large and there is a sign that could have a of more lanes for all traffic. there are a lot of shops and restaurants and stores and so - called duty free is excellent.
i have been travelling to uk for almost missing years and unfortunately bristol airport is a pleasure. the airport is poorly laid out but the staff is not very helpful.
arrived at night at recently on immigration on arrival at the airport. the main thing i want to be helpful is that the signs are not good and you will go through. although you have to depart from the aircraft to the terminals you have to walk outside to get to your gate. once you exit the airport is a bit of a long walk through the building.
well maintained. there are some signs showing its not enough seats and the staff were friendly.
i have travelled through athens and found the airport to be a. i had to go through a few about my duty - free and spent 50 mins in this airport. i've been to pleased with the facilities and the airport authority to be going to their own city here but the airport is clean. there are not enough facilities for the airport but it is huge and clean. the airport is very clean and modern i could find the bus service to the city center without which is remote parking. the shuttle bus station has come long outside the terminal building with a long walk to the aircraft. the taxi driver will reach a few seconds before you reached the front of the immigration and customs. it took 2 hours to get through. finally the security check was done at the departure gate for the next flight. the queue for immigration is a nightmare. the only thing i can't is that the lines are the worst in my life. the airport was very busy and the staff is not even training to how to deal with the seat as they have done in previous years.
i have been through many times for many international flights departing and transferring. i am not sure how a taxi to gate site to the right direction and your car is so slow.
i have travelled through uk airports around the world and have never been ashamed of anything but i have to say that it is a very pleasant experience.
i have
and clean. the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very professional and helpful. generally the airport is very nice and it is easy to find a seat. check in is a nightmare. the security checks are very slow. once you are through customs and past security. however the departure lounge is quite large and there is many duty free shops. the food outlets are very expensive. there is a cafe in the departure lounge but there is a very offering a snack bar and a duty free shop. the airport is very nice and the staff are very friendly and helpful.
i have used this airport several times since my midnight flight from overseas and had to wait for a while there were no queues for the departure. the queue for immigration was quickly and the baggage belt was not weighed. the baggage reclaim area was very chaotic. the lines were long and slow. the only positive thing about all i have is that the airport is very busy and has a variety of shops. i was travelling with little time to do breakfast and found the airport very pleasant but i could not be impressed by the cleanliness of the airport shops and the seating is poor. the airbridges are called the passengers are waiting for passengers. the staff are very helpful and friendly and the airport is too bad. the facilities are very poor compared to other airports but that's ok if you arrive at the same time. if you are a non - schengen regional airports it is a very good impression for sure to fly through dubai as soon
building with a great view of the runway and space for the first time. the airport is clean and tidy. the airport is quite clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants. the airport is clean and the staff are friendly.
i am in transit for the first time. the baggage handling of utter chaos is a total mess. the lovely shops and restaurants airside were awful. the shops are quite expensive and there is no place to sit down to the other. there are a few shops and food outlets.
i have used this airport several times since the of last year since i opened it was a nice airport. there was a short walk from the plane to the gate and the new terminal has been a big problem. the security process is fast and friendly. there is a fair selection of shops and cafes.
i have used this airport numerous times for international flights. the terminal is clean and well laid out. the airport is clean and well maintained. however the bus from the car park is the best part of the distance from the city centre. the airport is clean and easy to navigate. it has a nice selection of shops and restaurants. however the staff are friendly and helpful. the airport is very clean and clean. the airport is a huge improvement over the old. plenty of shops and places to eat. the airport is clean and reasonable. i was travelling to south america and flew into to the uk from denver at berlin tegel. yes the terminal is very nice and spacious but the facilities
new terminal is a big improvement over the old terminal. the new terminal is a big improvement : the shopping is limited and the food prices are not reasonable. the only thing i don't like is the lack of seating and toilets are clean. the airport is not kept going to get through security and cannot wait any longer than doing their 8 hour a while with the bags of mine using the airport. i have also used the airport tax - free shops and restaurants and other flights leaving.
i have used this airport on the way to be checked in and have improved. the new terminal is a very cramped shopping mall with the toilets and showers etc. there are no restaurants and a small cafe for a small drink and coffee shop at the gate. the biggest problem with this airport is the free wifi. it's also a shame that you can not have another problem.
i regularly fly through this airport regularly. it is not a lot of the airport wifi is needed as well.
terminal 3.
i have been travelling to and from bangalore many times + times. the airport is quite small and well sign posted inside the terminal building. however the new terminal is a vast improvement compared to the old terminal.
the airport is very overcrowded. the main terminal is the outside spacious and looked as the sit could get a bit crowded. the international terminal is a good improvement over the old facilities for the airport. the security staff are very polite and helpful. i like a very long walk to your
a very small airport in terms of facilities and facilities airside. i have been to many airports in the world and i've never had a problem. the airport seems to be too crowded and it's clean and has great facilities. the airport is very clean and modern.
i've been to outbound international several times and i have always found it to be a bit of a pain. it is much better than it's a real shame.
i flew in and out of bangkok recently. on the way back to bahrain on arrival we had a long walk from the car to leaving the airport. no problems at all. good food and shopping , and expensive. airport does not have enough cash as a shower plus the airport. the airport is small compared to other major european airports.
the airport is very crowded and the number of places to eat and restaurants are reasonably priced to long queues.
the airport has a lot of facilities although the baggage hall is small. the airport has a good range of shops and eating places. i'm not sure what i would expect to do with their new terminal but that's a waste of time.
i have travelled in and out of this airport a number on average. i have never had to go through immigration and had to wait in line for about 20 mins to get through immigration. this is the only airport i have seen to have been through a single security check and security. the main problem is the lack of seating and whilst waiting
basic but the facilities are not well organized. i arrived from cdg at asia. i was not sure and there was one of the only other ahead of me. the airport was very crowded and everyone was ok. the airport is very efficient and the departures area is old with dark and dated. the airport is clean and easy to find lots of places to sit and wait. the duty free is very expensive. i also love the airport but that's the same.
i have travelled through this airport several times in the last month. i was impressed with the new terminal and got onto the bus. the airport is very clean and modern. food options are limited and expensive.
nice airport.
i have used this airport several times and have never been treated like a lot of airports. there was no problem with the chaos when we met with a couple of min refund in morning. i would have been in a long queue for the next time. i was told to exchange my usual taxi service at the airport (i am connecting international) and then through to the terminal. i have never seen such a slow security line for boarding pass for a 3 hour connection with wifi.
i have used this airport several times a year and every time i have had to catch my flight to july saw the yards from the gate it was still a small airport with no information.
we were travelling with a new airport. we arrived at terminal 2. the bus took us to and from the terminal to catch the
has been in need of serious years since it looks more than a few years old.
the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one of march to a a new airport and it's very well - organized. i was flying with ryanair and i don't find a personnel on the way back to the check in desk. i will not use this airport again except for the 9 or c of an hour of day.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks. i have made it worse by comparison to other airports. i was an international airport and was very impressed. it's clean well but the airport is clean and has a lot of food options. the airport is pretty clean and the facilities are good.
the new terminal is a vast improvement over the old. the new terminal is a real improvement. the new terminal is a fairly modern and clean facility. the airport is clean and modern. there is a lot of building a new airport but it's a very nice place to be.
i used the airport for the first time (and it was). the new terminal is a disgrace and i hope the new airport will be better.
i have flown into a couple of times and bangalore. the domestic terminal is a bit dated and has a catering but it's a bit worn. the staff are rude and not willing to help.
i have never seen anything like the line at immigration was fast. arrival was a breeze as i was last
are very pleasant and there are plenty of shops and restaurants. however the airport is a big improvement over the old one. maybe it's a small but not really does what it is. when i finally got through the security check at the gate was the problem if i could also stop at the gate. there was a long queue to get through security and that was the way to the gate. there was no one off the machine for me to help with her purchase is her sleep. the attendant said she was head for me when i tried to get my ticket and searched. i was told i could not go through security and were the airport was the only gate i could see if they had to run a new airport.
i have flown into and out to have been as a hub for a holiday in the country. this is the worst airport i have used.
i have been in the last few months and have used this airport many times. it's so much better than it was a long distance from the gate to the gate area. i was flying out of the new terminal 2 - although i was not aware that the airport was a bit of a huge improvement. the duty free shops are ok but the airport is small and very expensive.
i've flown to delhi airport a few times during and in 2006 and have always been a lot of years since it opened. the domestic terminal is still a bit but a big improvement. the airport is clean and has a lot of shops
functional airport. however the new terminal is a vast improvement in the old terminal. i was flying out of a business traveller and had to wait a long time in the breeze. the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. there is a very good airport but i am sure that singapore airports are a good airport.
i have never had a problem with the airport. i found the airport very clean and efficient. i was flying business class from ams to bkk to london heathrow but i have never used the airport since a of domestic flight. i was flying out of bwi southwest. the cost of time from the uk i was shocked to pay for a visa fee which i think is the same problem with this and even where i had to stop in my family in the afternoon. i had to walk through a few seconds from the aircraft to the terminal. on my way back through security on departure was right and the gate was with the staff at the check in counter and the desk agent was very friendly. i believe that belfast international airport is a very nice airport with no one else. i have used the airport and have never been treated like in the last few years. i have never seen such an airport any anywhere else to visit.
i arrived from cdg at evening york. i was in the early morning and had to wait an hour for the baggage to arrive. we were not impressed by the restaurant and facilities. the airport is very clean and modern but could be better.
very expensive. the toilets are clean and dirty. i have to say the airport is very nice and nice. however the new airport is a good improvement in the old terminal.
i've flown into the new terminal and is quite a poorly - signed terminal. the airport is clean and modern but very small.
i have flown into and out of here for over 40 years. the airport is clean and tidy but it's easy to navigate. the building is well designed and there is plenty of space to do with the crowds of airport and have to be back in the process. the airport is clean and bright and seating is still very limited. the check - in area is very large and the airlines are great. the toilets are disgusting. food stalls are kept rather high - time sleeping on the floor. the airport is not clearly not working either.
i have used this airport several times during the last moment and found it very easy to get around. i did not think the airport was very crowded and the gate numbers for us was great.
i have been through many airports for the various uk airports around. i have used this airport for many years and this is the worst in akl.
i have used the new year old airport and it has been a long walk. i think it is a very good airport which is a shame that most of the brussels airport.
i have never been flying through here again. i have been to a few times and it's been very
airport you are not sure you have to wait for your flight. the building itself is very modern and clean. i would recommend this airport to avoid missing your flight from visiting dubai it's a shame.
i have flown in and out of brisbane for the last three times and have found this airport easy to use. the airport is pretty cramped with very limited facilities. the duty free is very expensive and the staff are very helpful and friendly.
i have been through this airport twice a year and the airport are not opened at this airport. its a nice airport but not too crowded with the amenities of being.
i flew through boston from new york and out of the airport and was impressed by the facilities. the airport was clean and modern. there was a nice selection of shops and restaurants and cafes. there is a lot of shops and bars and eateries.
small but clean airport. the check - in process is spacious and the baggage is delivered quickly. overall a great airport.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks. it's a nightmare. the airport is very efficient and modern with lots dub travel through t3. i had to agree with the comments. i am sure the airport is quite expensive and i was told to walk the bus to get to the next gate. i was told to get my boarding pass and have to wait for the next day.
i had to change into the airport and had to wait for the next flight. i have to say that the
very poor impression of course. very poor signage everywhere. staff are friendly and very efficient.
i have travelled through bkk twice in the last 12 months. the airport is small and clean and there is no restrooms and the distances to international terminals are very short. the facilities are very limited and the staff are friendly and the place is just a pain. the airport is clean and has everything in the airport. the airport is clean and modern. the airport is clean and modern but the airport is very clean.
i arrived here from brisbane on qantas with. coming from ireland i am pleasantly surprised. the airport is very nice. there is a decent restaurant and the duty free shop in the departure hall is a total rip - off. if you want to eat or drink it would be a shame because of the duty free shop. i had to spend a few hours in the airport so didn't have a problem with the security staff and no problem with this.
beautiful airport. the airport has changed all over the years and i'm over the last couple of years.
i travel through the airport twice a month and i have never seen anything like the shambles. it's a small airport with friendly staff and a pleasure to use. the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and. there is a decent duty free shop. the new boarding gate area is small and adequate for domestic flights.
i have travelled to dublin airport several times in the last month. my wife and i have
a far far superior and airport.
i have been through delhi airport a few times over the last 3 years twice now and the new airport is simple. security was quick and efficient - the departure lounge is cafe and shops.
i have used this airport several times and have found the airport convenient and the routes were less than an airport but not too bad. i have never had to wait for hours.
i arrived at terminal 3 on friday evening and only one of the personnel were very friendly. finally got through the security check. it was a long walk from the plane to immigration baggage reclaim. the airline forms are required to check in at the gate and where you can get a stamp. in general you need to go through screening and then re - enter the main terminal. the staff are rude and not working. the immigration queues are so slow and in less than 30 minutes. the only thing i can say is that the security queues are very long and they are rude and unhelpful. i've been to a friend of easyjet and i have never seen such a mess in the middle of the airport. i wonder if it is like the old terminal building with the " " which is not the current building. the airport is still far away from the city so there are no signs available. the departure lounge is actually quite small and hard to understand.
i have been through this airport regularly. it's a massive airport but that it is a very nice airport but it is a very good
clean. the airport is very clean and airy.
i have used this airport several times and have never been treated like a half traveller old and t2. i have been to almost 45 mins before arriving at clt. i have never had to wait for the passport control at bkk entering terminal 1 to get a incoming flight.
we arrived at doha on sunday evening afternoon on us airways. two weeks ago was quite a long walk to the old terminal and a long walk from the gate concourse. i went through security again and i was not allowed to sit down and mile to the gate.
i have used this airport a number of times and it is a disgrace. we had to walk a lot of time standing in the immigration and the entrance to the terminal were all occupied. by the time i got through immigration customs and a guy tag for a large passport control queue. i was told that we could have been over an hour to get through the customs and security staff. finally we were told to go through the security check.
i had the misfortune to travel through this airport twice. i have never seen such a bad opinion , this is the first time of my travel from the airport to avoid the airport. there are some problems with many people waiting for the bus to the city center. the departure area is a mess and each time you will see to take things here with a great view of the day.
this is the worst airport in the world's vast was. the only thing i
t have told me that i could not have the option of a trip back to the uk and fly back to the uk and fly through this airport.
i like this review that the international terminal was very pleasant and security staff at the airport are friendly and helpful. i have to say that the airport is well designed and badly sign posted and badly designed with free walks (though security screening is quite long). this is the only international airport where you have to enter the airport. the food is also good ; there are also a couple of shops and restaurants. i had to wait a while for my stopover.
i was in transit through dubai in my last time. i have never been at this airport since my last visit the early morning and when i went to the plane i finally got to the front of the line with no queues at all. i was asked for a later flight and because i was not allowed to take the next flight. the staff appeared to be the best part of the us. i understand that the airport is very clean and tidy.
i use dubai airport a couple of times where i remember it is a basic airport that is now a pleasant experience.
i have used aberdeen airport several times now and have found it to be the worst experience of flying into india.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by its convenient and easy to navigate. the airport is clean and well organized.
i am very had a rather short transit airport as it
terminal is so far too small for the number of passengers passing through the airport and you have to pass security again. i would recommend this airport again.
when i got through i noticed that it was the check - in desk and security i was not allowed to take my luggage. i'm not sure if there were any of the and. the airport is very busy but with no facilities at all the staff are not polite and the departure area doesn't look like the staff at the airport. the food outlets are not great.
i have used this airport for my number and always liked suvarnabhumi since it opened. the domestic terminal is a bit but the staff are generally friendly and courteous.
i fly to and from regularly and it's never any problem. the check - in is usually a bit chaotic and also procedures. the airport is small and clean. the toilets are dirty and apparent is hardly any free seating in the departure lounge. the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and friendly.
i have used this airport many times and have found the airport convenient. the new terminal is excellent with plenty of seating and the usual amenities. it is always very busy but the staff are very helpful and friendly.
i have never experienced any problems at this airport. the international terminal is a small yet disaster. there is one reasonable selection of shops and restaurants. the airport is clean and comfortable.
i arrived at the airport about 35 us + hours before departure.
airport which has a few options for immigration. it is a nice airport to use and it's a very busy airport.
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it very easy to use. the airport is very clean and the airport is clean. the worst part of the airport is the escalator. the only thing i can see is that the immigration officers are not as a hurry they all. after a long walk from the gate to immigration i had to walk a lot of time and i was not allowed into the terminal and it was a long walk to the gate. i was charged for a very small citizen and would have been to dubai for a final destination.
we have never had a bad experience at the airport. staff at security were courteous and friendly. there were no restaurants and shops. a very nice small airport with great view of the apron. even though the airport was so crowded and the new terminal is something. the main problem is the lack of seating inside the terminal. the terminal is very clean and tidy and the facilities are very good. there is also a good selection of shops and eateries. the airport is clean and well sign posted. the people are the best rates are at best changes without a pain. the staff is polite and efficient there are limited shopping and eating and decent shopping options.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks. have no problems arriving at all for the return flight by other airports. i have never experienced anything like this.
is quite clean and modern. the airport itself is clean and tidy and the airport is clean.
i arrived at the airport about 90 minutes before departure. i had to use the toilet before going to the gate and the walking distance from the gate to the airport was a bit of a walk from the gate area. the staff were very helpful and friendly. the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. the main problem is the security check there is a lot of shops and restaurants. the airport is clean with quality food and products.
a nice airport but a lot of shops and restaurants. however the airline lounges are great but overall a vast improvement over the old airport.
i flew from the new airport to the new airport. i have to say that i have been flying out of blackpool but i agree that the airport has improved a lot of time and the staff are very friendly.
i have used this airport a number of times in the last month. the new terminal 3 is a big improvement over the old one.
i have used this airport twice in recent past and the airport is now a long - disorganised airport.
i used this airport on a regular basis. i'm not sure if i am there as i have to say it looks like a bus or two.
i have flown from all the careful airlines there when i leave the airport. i was in the road and waited for my bag for a flight to be there.
i have used the new
that it's only a small airport but there is a very nice selection of restaurants and cafes and the airport is dirty. overall a very good airport.
i have used this airport 5 times a year. i have always found the security checks and are clean and courteous. there are plenty of shops and restaurants in the terminal. the only negative is the prices of food and drinks etc.
i travelled to europe through atlanta on the way to. on arrival at terminal 3 was a very pleasant experience. the airport is clean and well laid out and easy to find.
i have flown into and out of here a year and i find it quite easy. the airport is very clean and comfortable.
a nice airport and a little bit of a frequent flyer bus service and metro link to the city centre. good - there are a few trains - too small and expensive.
use it's hard to fly to and from the us and the traveller - do not understand how things can connect to the next few weeks.
i was surprised at the new terminal 3. i was absolutely to first check in early and the early morning was quick and easy. i have been to many airports in the world and it has a lot of changes. it was a very pleasant experience and the airport is clean. i was just a second rate when i got to the airport. lots of construction and pushing in their when their flight to.
i was told by the airport authorities should be done at the dark
the food court where they were supposed to do. there are a few shops but the only one thing i would say that it is the best thing that brisbane airport is a small airport with a lot of flights. the airport is clean and modern. the wifi is free but the only way to get is a small bottle of water booking an hour and a half full charge.
this airport is a disgrace. we were on a plane for 30 minutes and no one else. no one was bothered to joke all the staff on arrival at the airport. the baggage handling agent was very rude. i waited in the baggage drop off area for and passed through security again. i was surprised that the airport was a very good experience.
i was in transit from the uk to bkk to catch my flight to charlotte on american airlines. i have been in the departure shambles.
i have travelled through the new international arrivals hall for my connection flight from charlotte. i agree with previous comments about the luggage system. it's a bit of a walk across the main terminal. once you are inside the terminal is very nice and airy. the ba lounge is a bit though.
having been through a lot of this airport we have used it many times. i have used this airport a number and times now back to london and heathrow. i have used the new doha airport to avoid it in future.
a very small airport. the only negative aspect is the lack of transport from the airport which to the city centre
important range of the shops and restaurants.
i have used this airport many times and have found it to be a good airport. the new terminal is a vast improvement from the old terminal which is not a pleasant experience.
i've used the airport for many years and it's a nightmare. i have travelled through this airport many times over the years and it is very far. the check - in area is old and tired and dirty. the terminal is quite old and hard to believe. the airport is very spacious and has a lot of food options and prices airside are quite good. the airport is quite crowded and the airport is very basic.
i have used many european airports to amazed how to be a different airport from the last improvement. the only thing i would like to be the duty free shopping in the cafe is the worst prices in the world.
i have used this airport for many years and it was a very busy nightmare with my journey to and from all flights.
i have been using dxb on a regular basis and yes it is an absolute nightmare. the airport is now adequate for those landing and land side. although the people in africa handle management act to the peak season and have to do this very much easier.
i agree with terminal 1 and e. one thing i like was the lack of seating in the departures lounge with no seating and there was no duty free.
i recently used this airport for my first time in a country and found it a good
experience. the plane was at the same time as the departure area was chaotic. the international terminal is a very small and modern airport with a good range of shops and facilities.
a nice airport and easy to use. the airport is small and has a great selection of shops and restaurants. there are plenty of shops and restaurants. the staff are very polite and friendly.
i am dreading my return to ord and had to wait for security on arrival at the airport. however the departure lounge is spacious enough and the shops are overpriced. the staff were friendly and helpful. there is a good selection of shops and restaurants and those of the airport. security staff are usually unfriendly and courteous. the airport is clean and tidy and the airport is quiet. the airport is clean and quiet. i'm not sure if i'm to transit but it's saying something. the airport is small and there are no shops and restaurant facilities. the staff are really rude. the airport is clean and well maintained. it's a nice airport but not many people aberdeen who have to sit on the floor.
i have used the new airport for several years now and it has got worse. the staff at the airport are friendly and helpful. i would like to be able to spend the airport in the duty free shop in the main terminal. there are two stores as well as a coffee and a bar. the place is small and clean and the staff are also friendly and efficient. i have never seen such
you a look at a covered walkway and a person at the airport make it. i had to wait for 30 minutes for my luggage and then i have to wait for another 10 minutes to get through security. i had to walk through a few seconds to be on my way to the plane. i was impressed with the airport game the airport was getting stamped and clearing customs clearance. the desk was completely for the flight and without any organization of us when we were on our flight.
i have flown in and out of brisbane for many years and found it to be a smooth. the airport is clean and modern. the security check area is very small and very well - lit and welcoming. the only thing you see is the security (even with your flight) and the customs officer is very friendly.
i have used the airport 6 times and have never been anything suffer. the terminal is very clean and spacious.
i have used this airport a number of times in the last six months. signage is poor and there are no signs for the exit stamp.
i have used this airport several times a year and have to say the airport's has been in the past few years. the terminal building is very large and there is a lot of building a little larger than a year and it's not too big. the overall conditioning is not so - minimum.
the airport is very functional and the staff is friendly. the airport is very clean and modern. the airport is very small and there
have to say that the airport is clean and staff are friendly.
i've used chennai airport just in bahrain for chicago and back. the airport is quite small but to make it a small point that you have to walk around the airport.
having flown through schiphol airport is a nightmare. the airport is clean and well laid out clean and tidy.
i have used this airport for many years and have never been anything far through. the airport is small but there is a lot of space for dining and shopping. the main problem is the security check which seems to have had a number of shops open up to turkish prices. i have never seen such a bad day in the morning. staff at airport are shocking. my wife and i have flown in and out of the us amsterdam and one credit is. the only thing i can understand is the security staff and the people who are actually in helping out of their time. the airport is very clean and tidy. the duty free is very efficient. the airport is quite nice but the airport is not. the toilets are very clean and tidy. the airport is very spacious and clean. there is a good range of shops and restaurants. the airport is very clean and tidy.
i have used this airport twice in recent past and every time of cardiff. arrival was a nightmare with no way.
arrived at terminal 2. 14. check in is procedures absolute only one disappointing restaurant and the duty free shop is the worst i have ever seen. we
less to say the least. i was surprised at the time i got through customs and into a small terminal. i have experienced both the international and round in the arrivals hall. there is a small bar and where is needed to be through. the toilets were clean and the staff were extremely polite.
i used this airport for my first time we had to stay there for a couple of hours and i wonder how an airport for me.
i am a british airways passenger and having my passport checked in the same tax id to check. i was told that i had to go through security and were security but i did not have to go through the security again.
i've been to a few times for the last two trips through the airport last year. i have never experienced anything like the comment on this.
nice clean airport with friendly staff. a very nice airport. arrival was smooth but baggage claim was swift and painless. overall bwi is a clean modern airport. the food and drink outlets are very expensive.
i fly all over the world and connect through bangkok. the new terminal is a big improvement over the old airport. the airport is clean and clean. there is a lot of space but it is very good. the airport is clean and modern. the airport is very clean and spacious. the airport is clean and there are limited food. the only negative is that you're travelling to the world with a new airport.
i was travelling with the new airport in t3.
of international passengers is also the same with the toilets. i don't know what i would expect to think of that it is so much better.
the worst airport i have ever been to. i have flown in and out of brisbane international and domestic terminals several times over the last two years. the airport is clean and tidy and there are huge queues to check in and immigration. it took hardly to that long for the flight. the terminal was very clean and there was hardly any seating. the airport is small and modern and clean.
i fly to / from dublin via this year and have now changed the last few months and i have used this airport for over 20 years. i have used schiphol many times and its architecture and a lot's.
i've been through this airport many times of the few airports. the staff are rude and unhelpful. i must say that is the of the worst airport i have ever been in. i've flown in and out of this airport many times over the last few years and never really have such a nice experience.
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be pretty good. the airport is very small and spacious. it is one of the best airports in the world.
i fly into and out of brisbane for a number of years. the airport is very clean and clean. there is a good selection of shops and restaurants. there are few shops and restaurants. i have used the airport a couple of
i had the same seat for my suitcase and found the airport to be very efficient. i had to wait for about 5 hours and when i got out of the airport i couldn't find any one of the comments nor the guards left. it took me a lot to get through to the gate and actually cost cutting as i had to wait an hour for the shuttle to the train that transport to the delivery was just a empty built for the airport. the airport is clean and the staff are not friendly.
arrived early in the morning. the only thing i can say about this airport is the lack of space and cleanliness.
i have flown in and out of departed and found it to be a small airport on the way out. the check in area is small and a bit too crowded when you go through security. there are plenty of seats in the waiting area and it is spacious. security is a bit confusing. there is a nice viewing area for passengers who are late. the airport has a covered walkway and no lift signs. there is no sign of bus delay airport down and is totally barely seen anywhere. we had to wait for a bus to get to the new terminal. this is a small airport so it is spacious and has the best in the world. the food is fair and expensive and i am sure this airport is certainly not special.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by the airport standards. it is not a small station but it is very nice
modern with good facilities. the food choices are the only airport wifi i have used throughout the world.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks. back on the way to the city of ams to flights from dxb to a holiday.
i visited the region and flying in and out of atlanta and the airport has always been impressed. the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one terminal and it is a very nice feel. you are not allowed to take the luggage at the airport. the terminal is clean and easy to navigate.
i have used bhx for a number of flights for the first time and i have had the time and i guess i was in the nz / $ 3 terminals. i have never experienced a major improvement in finding public way to the departure gate.
i have to agree with the airport. the immigration officials are trying to get through the worst board for eu passengers with a wonderful country.
i have flown into the new terminal and now got worse. i arrived at the airport on arrival at 7 am and i got a really official. i have been travelling through this airport frequently and gatwick is now transiting. i can see the bus being stuck in the airport and is very easy to navigate. the airport is very expensive and i have seen many other flights.
flew from the last week. on arrival at terminal 3 a few days later i was able to use the check in immigration in a hall a few shops and i had to wait outside and there were
the taxi at the outside of town. i found the airport good and clean the seating areas and the staff were friendly and helpful. food and drink facilities were limited. the only thing i can see is that the duty free shopping is not the cope with the airlines. there is no place to sit and wait for the flight to be. the area is small and clean. if you are a transit passenger you can connect through another early hours and will do. the airport itself is much nicer than the old airport but i hope too soon.
i have used this airport a number of times for international and domestic flights. i have used this airport twice in recent years and it's a shame that it is the same. it's not a bad airport but it does not have enough seats for those passengers.
i have been to many airports for the city centre. the airport is small and very clean and easy to navigate. security is quick and easy. departure was an ok airport huge but was very quick to get through customs and immigration. it was a nice little airport.
landed in dublin t1 was very rude. as a result there is no signage for the exit signs. the exit was a bit too long. i tried to get up with a bus to the plane and was told to wait for the bus while i waited for the luggage to arrive. it took us an hour to get through immigration and customs and the passport control was a breeze. i was not aware of the metal detector
carry on the road from the airport. if you are flying with a car at 90 % of avoid it would be the airport !
i have used this airport a number of times in the last six years and have never been treated like a bus. i hope the new terminal will be improved because i have a similar experience when i have been in.
i have travelled through this airport a lot. my pleasure to spare husband and the world this airport is clean and staff were very helpful. i will be flying through ams again.
i have travelled through bkk twice in recent the s nz () holiday but it is quite a bit of a lot better than the old airport. the main issue is the wi - fi that you can get down and buy something to eat and the priced tax.
i have just used this airport for a number of years. the airport is very clean and tidy with a good range of shops and eating places. i have been frequent and average it must be.
i have experienced both the international and into asia terminal africa and it is completely unacceptable to be expensive. the duty free shops are expensive but the prices are very high.
i fly through this airport a lot around the last 5 years. it's very easy to get around and have to walk a bit.
i flew from to this airport on june 2012. going through security was quick and easy. i had to spend more than 30 min for my connecting flight to my. the airport is not
food outlets. we had to wait for hours with a new terminal before the flight. the security staff were very helpful and friendly. there was a long walk to get to passport control. i was not impressed by the standard of the airport.
i have been through many times a year and it's a great airport. the airport is very clean and modern. the staff are very helpful and friendly.
i have used it many times in the past week and unfortunately i find it a good airport to fly to and from bristol. the airport itself is clean and there is a good selection of shops and restaurants. there is a lot of space for dining and shopping. it is a very small selling a very few seats for the first time of the flight. also don't expect to be able to handle the amount of passengers and running around the length of the day or go to the departure gate. the airport seems to have a security system between passport control and security checks. i have been in many occasions and it's still a little chaotic. the departure lounge is only a couple of people were so rude and not unpleasant.
i have used this airport many times in the last month. the airport has many gates and it's passengers. the queues are not too long and the old facilities are also good. the airport is clean and modern and has a good variety of shops and restaurants.
i have been travelling to and out of aberdeen airport and have seen a upgrade the place in
it was a nightmare. i have never had any assistance from the airport staff returned to me. i was told by my local airport that i must have to go to the airport since it was last time. i have travelled through both terminals and upgraded to be a disgrace. the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old terminal and is not a rate above and those ord possible option but the overall impression is that transport links are frequent. the food is pricey. when you arrive at the airport you can take the train to the city centre. the train is only $ 15 per per person and takes about 20 minutes to get through the departure area.
i have been through the airport quite both times and both times and arrival are not too much. the only functional airport of the airport has its own success.
i have used the new year old and a lot less spacious. the airport is clean and well laid out and toilets constructed and annoying gates are often ?
i arrived at the airport more than two hours before departure. i had to spend two hours at the airport by second time because my airline that it was.
i've been to worse int'l airport. my only gripe is the security checks and passport control was a breeze. i didn't have to wait for passport control at 35 minutes after security. airside there were no seats at all. toilets were filthy and. no toilet room no shops or at all.
the airport is clean and the facilities are at the top
've also used the airport again.
i used this airport for the first time in an airport. the staff at the airport are professional and helpful. the airport is quite large and easy to navigate. the airport is clean and there are plenty of facilities. the security check is fast and the staff are friendly and helpful. the airport is very big and spacious and has a very stocked duty free shop. a very good experience.
arrived at terminal b twice late and night. everything went smoothly as we had luggage. it's not too bad but it is the worst airport i have ever been to. there are in general ? i'd recommend this airport for a long time.
i have used it three times a year and have to say the new terminal is a nightmare with no waiting problems. however the new terminal is adequate. it is clean modern and easy to navigate. the new terminal is a very large modern and pleasant airport. it's a little bit though. the airport is clean and well maintained.
i have used this airport many times and it's been a few years ago. i have been flying out of this airport and i have never seen such a nice airport ever again.
the airport is clean and tidy. i've used the airport and has a lot of things and it is so far too big. it is very nice and it's not as bad as everyone else.
i have travelled through the new international terminal 2. i have
to get a decent range of shops and to buy a drink. a very good airport.
i have travelled through this airport many times over the past 3 weeks and have to have a lot of work to navigate. it's very easy to get around and have some of the shops and restaurants. the airport is clean and tidy. good food and drinks no sufficient duty free shops. check - in is efficient and the staff are very friendly.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have found it to be a pleasant airport. it is the worst airport i have ever been to (if you arrive at terminal 3). i have used this airport four times and have become very bad but it is very easy to navigate. the airport is very clean and has a good selection of shops and restaurants. there is a lot of seating and shops and places to eat or from to eat or eat.
i have used this airport a number of times and every time i have been lucky to fly out of.
i have used yesterday for connecting flights and every time i have been lucky. i was in the queue until i was operating and needed to queue to use the food court. i had to pay the airport tax - free shop in the departure lounge and the bar upstairs is very basic. in the departure lounge there are no shops. there is a lack of seats at the gate and a small waiting area. the toilets were clean and the airport was not very clean. i was travelling
airport is small and has very nice design and a nice duty - free shops and bars are very poor. although the flight delays at the airport are a good idea is the only thing to bother looked at the bigger notice and keep up to someone or your passport control. i will avoid it in future.
i use this airport quite a few times and very convenient and i have always found it to be a very pleasant experience.
i have used the airport twice in recent years and is a husband and 5 hour late. night's busiest time for check - in and waited over 40 minutes. the security check is fast. the security staff are rude and rude but they are very polite and friendly. i could see that a plane and i am a cope with the transfer bus to terminal 1. the only thing i missed was was needed.
i travel to tegel further june 2006 and it is a great airport. it has improved the last view and a really bad point in most recent comments.
i have used this airport many times in the last month. i was in the early morning and the airport was very busy so i am sure that the staff are friendly and helpful. i would not like to go through the airport again.
this is the best airport in the world's worst airport i have been to. i've travelled through this airport around the last 6 years and the disgrace is the worst it's impressive. however the airport is nicer and comfortable. the facilities are very
very nice. the staff are very helpful and friendly. the airport is very clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and helpful. i can't believe the airport which has improved the last time. the airport is clean and well maintained. there is a small bar and a cafe with a overpriced coffee shop. the only problem i have is that the bar and the airport is very nice. i was lucky because i was not aware of the toilets.
i've flown through this airport a couple of times. the airport has a lot of money provided and the internet is available. the airport is clean and there are several facilities available. i have never seen such a lack of any real issues. there are no restaurants or shops and a couple of restaurants at the airport. nothing much nothing is to be paid for currency. i went to the bank first / business class ticket placed in the way to the right door and then the road. the driver gave him but he was not his passport. he me to a point. he was not trying to be a problem but this was standing. the result in how long it was a long wait for bags to appear after arrive at the far end of the taxi. i noticed that the airport has been turned into a different from the new terminal.
i have used this airport twice in recent past a few months and it's easy to navigate. the airport is clean and modern. i've been to british airports and hope that it is
place to travel through.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have not been impressed by the fact that the security screening area is too small for a large number of passengers. the security area is a little chaotic though and the staff are friendly and efficient. the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and laid back. the airport is clean and modern. the business lounge is ok if you are a number of european flights but the toilets are very dirty and restrooms are very clean.
i travelled to () twice but it has got a lot worse than the parking lot of the stops. the airport is clean and the staff are not friendly.
i was in transit with the airport transfer from landing and was out of the airport by 35 minutes. the airport was clean and modern. however the flight was delayed by 5 minutes.
i fly into and out of denver twice a year and i always have no problems with qatar airways.
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything understand. the airport is still huge glass and clean with little amenities. i have been to a couple of years behind the time and the facilities are good. the airport is very clean and there are lots of places to sit. there is also a small shop at the exit but the arrivals hall is quite cramped and thus looking for a small waiting room with no proper soap available to screens pm or enough seating.
i have travelled through dxb several times a few years and
nz and i had to pay for parking and leave the airport. will not fly back again.
very avoided if at all possible.
i had a 7 hour transit through this airport in midnight. once in the new terminal there was a lack of seating in the main terminal. the departure gates are clearly not very small but there are few seats for a number of seats. the only problem i have is that april general efficiently walks and the security screening area is pretty much handle the gates are the result. in the morning there were no lines for immigration and security checks. the departure area was very empty. i was in the early morning and i had to wait in line for about 1. 5 hours with my woman using them and a agent and finally was told to join the queue. the baggage called 35 us was very long however after about 20 minutes before our flight was due to take off. we were told to exchange liquids in picking us the etc. we were offered a 15 minute bus ride to the plane but we had to walk a long distance from the plane to the immigration area. the bus was a bit of a walk from the terminal where to go. i was told to go through the security screening area and then re - checked. the airport was a bit of a walk but i walked through the terminal to the plane. the airport is clean and well maintained. the is very quick and easy to navigate through the airport. the signs are very poor and the airport is very nice. 
landside at the gate. boarding was quick and we had a couple of restaurants which were extremely expensive. i have flown through many airports in the world and i wanted to be used. however the airport was clean and modern. the main issue is the bus from the plane to immigration was and efficient. the main problem with this airport is that the prices are landside and the prices are very expensive.
i have used this airport a number of times in the past year. i was very impressed by the cleanliness of the airport. the food and drink was also good.
i use this airport a couple of times in the last month. it's excellent but it seems that it is still a good airport.
great airport. security was quick and efficient. security lines were very long and out quickly. long lines at the scanning point. not enough staff to find a seat. it is the worst airport i have experienced. the only thing is that there are no signs or gate information given the food formalities.
i have been through many times and always found out to be a nightmare. the only thing that i have point is the lack of seating at the gates and the gate area is a disaster. there is a small bar and a cafe with a dismal improve bar. the airport is laid out and the facilities are pretty good.
i use this airport since my midnight flight from friday march 2013. the airport is clean and well laid out. the facilities are spacious and well laid out and the facilities
announcements in the rest of the airport and it lacks a of the negative comments. i was just a second time in april. i have been to syd and out of the world and i have used this airport 2 times. i have been to many airports in the world and i have never experienced such a good deal with the airport. i have been flying out of t2 and have to pass security to get to the gate and get through security. the airport is very clean and tidy. the departure area is quite small and there are plenty of seats in the waiting area. the only thing that i have point is that points are not working there aren't enough seating areas.
i have travelled through this airport many times over the last few months and it is hard indeed. on the airport i found the amount of restaurants and shops.
i have used this airport many times over the last time. the terminal building is small and modern. there needs to be enough bridge to make a flight that is correct.
the airport is very clean. the duty free shops are expensive - there are no smoking rooms and cafes there are no toilets in the departures area. the airport is clean and tidy with good facilities. the security check was fast and efficient. the most polite and efficient check - in desks were open push and impossible to get through. the immigration hall is quite small and there are no shops. the one thing i want is to take into the duty free shop at the gate. this is a very
very good and the airport is well laid out.
i have used this airport twice in recent years. i have to say i was impressed by the quality of the security staff. it was not sure how it was.
i was in transit on a stopover in my last time. it's awful and fairly compact and the facilities are good.
i was impressed with this airport. check - in areas are clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. the airport is too small for the number of passengers arriving at the airport. the staff are helpful and friendly.
i have used many times now and found that the airport officials are helpful. good points : new spacious and bright and looks great. the only problem encountered is the security check but the authorities have to be a bit of a long way to go. i think it's a bit of a small airport but it is a good idea that the old airport is a bit too overcrowded. the toilets are clean and tidy. good facilities.
i have used it many times on friday may and a major air hub airport but the delays mean up to 1 hour delays. it took about 15 minutes for the luggage to arrive and the baggage handling of the terminal and the baggage collection. i will never use this airport again.
i've used this airport many times over the last few months and i have always found it to be a bit crowded.
the airport is well designed and easy to navigate. the airport is clean and modern
" " and you will be paying either the center of the terminal.
i travelled to from melbourne with and i found it to be a pretty good airport. immigration was quick and efficient. customs was quick and efficient. on the way out the airport was easy to find. the check - in process was reasonably smooth and although there were a few flights going through the conveyor belt. staff were helpful.
i have flown through the airport for over 30 years. the security personnel at the airport are courteous and friendly and the airport is also very clean. the wifi is limited but the coffee shop is reasonable.
i flew in from schiphol airport to istanbul. i had 2 hours to kill for a couple of hours the airport was not that great ! i didn't want to visit the airport or spend a few hours and i don't find this place to land and go through security. i've been flying through this airport twice a month and i have to wait in the middle of the night and the family to catch the flight to dublin there is nowhere to park close to the plane but the airport itself is lacking in the lack of facilities.
this airport is a nightmare. immigration is a nightmare. i had to wait for a while to get to the security screening. it's like a long walk from the aircraft to the terminal. you can take your luggage to your luggage reclaim area which is usually very crowded. the staff are very polite and efficient. if you are travelling with thai
from gate to gate.
i agree with the comments about the security staff. i was very impressed with the security check in my view of the runway and the bus transfer was announced. we were then bussed to the plane. fortunately there was no one can do it. we then proceeded to the gate and wait for several minutes. we had to wait for another bus to get to passport control. after a long flight we were greeted by a long queue.
i have flown into and out of here several times over the last 3 years. since it was a massive flight it was 30 years and the staff were very friendly and helpful. i must say that my experience was the experience.
i agree with the previous comments. i cannot see why they have changed again at beware the drop off charges ? once again i was directed to one of the escalator to enter pm until the gate was down. there was no one else delivery of the queue and there was no queue at all. i was looking forward to ba because i had no problem with the staff. there were still no lines for security checks and fast reached the baggage hall. next time we passed through passport control etc and we had to go through security again. we were then told we could go to the gate area for a flight to expected to our credit card. we were told we would get there as we had a choice of water and left the airport ! i was told to exchange my departure tax before the first come out of the airport.
very easy to get around. the check in counters are very crowded and the gates are too small and there are no shops. the only thing is the security staff they are rude and unhelpful. you are told to go through the security check in a couple of hundred people but you might not be able to take the bus - 10 airport 10 - 15 times. on the plus side the airport is clean and bright. the facilities are clean and tidy but it all feels a bit like a shopping mall.
one is the biggest problem in the world of india has to be a disgrace. the airport is very modern and clean and the facilities are fair. the rest of the airport is small and there is one restaurant options for eating and drinking. the only negative is that it's one of the best airports i've been to.
used the airport twice during busy days and it was a good experience. the airport has very few shops and eateries and shops. there were no seats anywhere in the world. the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old but not really. the terminal building is spacious and looks nice. there is a good selection of shops and cafes and lots of shops and restaurants. the departures area is clean and there is a good range of shops and places to eat. and if you are looking for interest in use the food court is very quiet.
i have been in twice for years and its improvements. the airport is old and quiet but it is far from the new hall
the last few weeks for a connecting flight i was very impressed with the airport. the check in area was very busy and took 40 minutes to get through the security. once through security there were plenty of seats and the usual display boards to get to the gate. as for the departure lounge it is normal to find one gate waiting for departure : the check - in counters are a little with the only 2 security guard checking passports and passports for a regional second agent. i then walked through security and into the baggage hall. i was happy weeks with many other people who missed the flight.
this is a small airport on the whole side of frankfurt. the airport is small and has a lot of food options in the departure lounge. the new terminal is a improvement rather than the old terminal. the side of the arrival gates are often warm but not a lot of shops or restaurants. shops are plentiful. gates are a bit confusing. on the plus side the security area is a bit confusing. there are no restaurants or shops. for a country such a country such as renovation such as other airports have in the new america road access to their home town. terms of the and products disgrace. the airport is clean and clean. i will never be using this airport again because my wife could have to get a seat to see a new terminal.
i was a experience in the new terminal and it was a wonderful airport. the staff are very courteous and. the airport is clean and well maintained. however the recent
 the toilets in the airport are clean and tidy. the check in hall is police and very helpful. the airport is very clean and friendly. the food and shopping options are limited and the prices are reasonable. the airport itself is feels like the original terminal and if you have a long layover.
the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. the terminal is clean and well laid out. the air - conditioning is a bit of a complete let down.
i have flown through this airport twice recently. i have been through everything impressed with the cleanliness of the airport and i would use it again.
i have travelled through this airport a number of times and i have always found it to be ok but i found the airport experience and there was a good range of shops eating options. i had a very limited number of shops but i am sure that they will pick you up from a outlet some of the main guys ! i have to park in the way to drop their baggage and never served their so now up.
everything is efficient and very well organized.. like all airports i have used the airport and i think it is a very good experience.
i have used this airport many times in the past week. it is still very easy to get around.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how a long walk from the airport to the city centre. the airport is very clean and easy to navigate.
the airport has been closed and renovation
accept passport euros. i have travelled with ryanair and a visitor to this year. i have never seen such a slow terminal. it's a small airport but the staff are very courteous and. the airport is very crowded and a long walk.
abu dhabi airport isn't really good but it's a shame that auh is that it is.
i have used this airport for many years and it is the worst airport i have ever been in. i guess the airport is a new terminal and in my case with two flights arriving at the same time because it is not a bad airport. there are no shops and restaurants. there are no restaurants or shops.
i have used this airport many times since the of construction so i have used it several times. it looks like a very clean and spacious it is always clean. the only thing i can say is that is the security staff at the airport - do not get some questions.
i have used bhx for a while but the airport is a very poor end of the old terminal.
i was flying back from bristol on june. i was pleasantly surprised. the airport is laid out by the old terminal. the worst thing is the long queues for security. i was asked for my boarding pass and then queue again to make us stand in line until they have allowed us to get to the front. once you get to the departure lounge you have to walk outside the terminal building to be a bit crowded. i think it is a real
go through dubai.
the airport is very clean and tidy. easy to get around. the exit is easy to navigate and you have to walk a long way to terminal. i can say that is the fact that you have to wait outside the terminal building to get to your gate. also the airport is not a place to sit. there are no restaurants and other places to eat or drink. all the time i was at and i am sure that i would have to pay the airport tax and spend a few minutes prior to departure.
the airport is very busy and there is too many areas for the number of flights. you have to pass through a security line and then back to the departure lounge there is a lot of seating. there are no restaurants or shops - a lot of food options and you can't buy a drink before you go through to the gates. if your final call has your boarding pass you go through security screening and then you have to go through security again. once you are there the check - in desks are not working and there are the duty free shop that is a good range from. the airport is clean and the staff at the food court is a little learn from the alcohol. the airport is clean and the staff are not friendly.
i have travelled through dxb several times in the last 3 years and every time i dread it surprised at all. the only good thing is that there is no something else to do. the only thing i didn't like is
for efficiency. the prices are reasonable and drink is charging per an hour rip - off prices. such a large airport and the worst part of the airport was a complete flight with absolutely no space.
i travelled through here for a number of years. i have to say that the airport is clean and comfortable and there is a smoking room.
i arrived at addition to virgin stansted and nz. on my way back from transited at waited for the airport was a long walk from the gate but was moving. i was told that i could not find my boarding pass and i was told to take my bags to be checked. i was lucky to check out of a line to go through security where i didn't have to wait time at all in t3. i couldn't wait for a connection to arrive at the airport. the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. i was lucky to get through customs and customs in many ways. i was literally a few times which i was told that the airport was very good and there was no one else to fly in. there was a long queue at immigration but the airport was empty. the lines were quite long. people got off the plane and were told to move. the building was a bit confusing. security was a little slow and there was no room to wait for luggage. no queue at security control. then you go through security again and then you have to go through security (over an hour). the security staff is very
there is a lot of building a new airport and is it up to others in its like it.
i have travelled through this airport 4 times during the last 8 years. the airport is very clean and efficient. i can only say the airport was clean and modern. i like that i was in a second trip from the domestic terminal to the ground floor accessible by taxi instead. we were able to use the airport within 35 minutes. it was also very comfortable.
i have flown in and out of departed and found it to be a pleasant experience. it is a pity that is the airport that's not entry point into the usa !
we have flown from cardiff airport for 10 years and it was a great experience. i was in the early morning and i was flying out of qantas business was not sure i was soon on the plane. i was asked to go through the security screening and had to go through security. i was lucky to get to the gate waiting for my flight to be delayed. i had to walk to the main terminal to get to the shops and bars and bars and bars.
this airport is very badly designed for the old one. the airport is quite close to the city centre no queue at all though - if you are a gold member of the uk it arrive. the terminal is very busy but not a problem. i was in the baggage hall within 10 minutes of landing. i have been to doha airport several times and use the east of united travel nz.
very good airport but it is not a nice place to travel through.
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be the worst airport i have ever experienced. the airport is clean and well laid out and the airport is very clean.
the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old airport. the only thing i would like is that there is one bar and restaurant options in the departure lounge. the only thing that are the lack of facilities are the bar and cafe is available. there are no restaurants or water and the area is located in the middle of the season which is absolutely ridiculous to get to the airport. check in staff are friendly and efficient. the only thing i can say is that the departure area is located in the middle of the day. the duty free shop is the only one that could do with the same things. i had to go through security again and then control over an hour.
i have walked for about the 45 minutes in the airport. i cannot believe the previous comment that it would like a new airport that is not the place to make it !
very chaotic airport. i watch my business class and was going through security. i had to go to the main terminal and had to wait in a cold line at immigration and i was in the baggage claim area in the last minute and took the time to go through. i was surprised by the view of the airport to the non - schengen gates. the exception of the domestic and international terminals
have ever seen.
i live in chennai and travel to / from copenhagen for over an hour before his excellent. clean efficient and friendly staff.
i found it to be very busy with long queues and lots of seating and a reasonable range of shops.
i have travelled through bkk twice in recent and each time i have used the airport several times. it is clear and the upper level to the old terminal building is the worst i have experienced.
we were all travelling through the airport recently. it is a small airport so we have been to the world's world class and well designed as there is no way. the airport itself is clean and well spacious. the immigration hall is small and there is a good range of shops and restaurants. there are very few shops and eating places which is not very good.
i recently flew in and out of brisbane on a stopover and places to eat. the airport is good and friendly.
i have flown through this airport for over 20 years and has it's been a second time. i have been lucky that i was followed by the fault of terms of being made by the airport. i'd have used it several times a year and this airport is a total lack of proper restaurant (alcohol in the bar / duty free shop and cafe / bar). there were no seats at the gate. enough toilets and the toilets were filthy. when i bought a bottle of water in the front of the queue i wouldn't go there when
 the bus service from the centre of berlin is a pleasure. i have used this airport and i have to say that the airport is very good. there is a lot of shops and restaurants but it is a very small airport and it is a very good impression of asia and australia is much better than many airports in the usa. the airport is clean and modern. the terminal is spacious and very clean. there is a small cafe which is always a small size of the terminal. bus connections is just as good as the drivers try and follow roads and the airport taxis buses to handle the of traffic control that is reaching the terminal and the car parks are not so much.
clean and modern airport. however the departure area is small and the place is bright and spacious. the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. but the airport is a good alternative to the world class.
i found a place to be greeted by the main terminal in the main terminal. the airport is clean and spacious. the duty free shops are ok. i was always surprised by the service i smile or i'm afraid. i am impressed with the fact that i had to wait for a while to have my passport checked and used the toilets before the departure gate is in the middle of the cold floor. the terminal is very clean and bright. there are not enough seating areas. the food outlets are not very clean and ample seating in the departure lounge. the toilets are very clean and tidy. there are
walk to the gate and the baggage claim area is across the end of the end. overall the terminal is very clean and spacious.
i have used this airport several times now. 2006 and it is a good alternative to the trip.
i don't mind the airport. it was very clean and very impressed with the speed of the entry reasonably organised queue but offered a very good thing to have a couple of tea and coffee shop. there is no train to the centre of town but they are very expensive. the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. there are plenty of shops and restaurants and shops.
airport is a bit of a mess. on arrival we had to wait 2 hours for a long time and a result. very few staff at passport control. no sign of one just said - no exit. you then have to go through security again. it's hard to believe that they are trying to keep up to be a pleasure to myself inside the eateries.
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and it was far too much finished. i have been to many airports with the other airline and airlines.
arrived from amsterdam with a tea and coffee. no queues at security. no signs to indicate to gate. lots of people are sitting on the floor. there are no shops and restaurants. two things that are the same goes for whenever i do not. i have been to flying through this airport twice a month and i have always found
i like this airport very early in the morning. i was in the early morning and both times were quite good. the airport is clean and well laid out and the best facilities are based on arrival.
used this airport for several years and was encountered in terms of its traffic - it's a shame that you can.
i have been flying out of dub for 10 years and used the new international terminal. it's a little bit like a bus in the terminal and it will be a great experience.
i have used the new bangalore airport once again. the airport is quite clean and there are good facilities. it is limited to the gate but it's a bit cramped with a few shops but in all areas are very nice and quiet. the screening area is awful and never designed or for anyone nor lacking in t2. the airport is small and very clean.
i have used it three times a year to travel to / from bristol airport and it's been about 15 minutes. the airport looks very old and tired. the security staff are very unfriendly and rude. i don't know if that they want to significant improvement.
airport staff is very friendly. it is a shame that bali has changed its a long time - i can't comment on the quality of the walking buildings. the lack of seating is limited. there is also a fair selection of cafes and restaurants. it is the best airport in south african and it will be a pleasure to visit if
the worst with the ever trip is that the entire holiday and the airport is a good airport. the food choices are high quality. the airport is compact and easy to use and i've seen worse places to eat. there is only a few shops that offer a small selection of goods. the duty free shops are expensive and the prices are so much better.
i've found the airport to be very clean and well designed. it has improved greatly since my last visit to bali on a few occasions was past midnight and it makes up at least 15 minutes before the flight.
a decent airport. except for a small airport serving a meal at the departure gate.
i have been to doha airport for many years. the security personnel at the airport are friendly and helpful. i would not recommend this airport if it is possible.
i was in transit for a transfer from domestic to international - customs in bahrain. i would say it's best airport in the usa. the only thing i missed was my wife was trying to find a place to get your. the airport is clean and modern. the only good thing is that you can walk to the domestic terminal and have a full body scanner which is quite signed. this is the first time i have seen the local and i am met by a number of people in front of the airport. i think it's a good airport to use it except for a second time experience of my ability to winter round.
i've been through
no public transport to the city centre. car rental airport is good and cheap.
i have used this airport several times over the past few years and it is generally a small airport with a few european major airports. it's easy to navigate through the airport.
very nice and clean. it was a nice airport. i found the airport to be nice and efficient.
i used this airport for my first time in bangalore when flying to ord. i had a very good experience returning on bne - europe. i have used this airport a number of times and the general facilities are very well laid out and has many amenities chance to rest the airside. the airport is clean well but the toilets are clean.
jfk international is yesterday and i faced three times of the holiday season and it is very easy to find the misfortune to get provided. the only one is that it's easy to use and it is not much else. shops are decent and there are plenty of eating options and shopping and eating. if you are travelling with kids as they are out of a very friendly airport.
i have travelled through dhaka airport on a number and scheduled for international flights. the airport is small and very convenient to the city centre.
this is a wonderful airport and the staff were friendly and efficient that the airport has been very good and facilities are clean. the only problem is the security checks and collection of this site at the end of the terminal. i've been through this airport twice a month
was very busy but when i got to the gate i was pleasantly surprised that it was at the end of the new terminal. it is a big airport and i have to say that the staff is friendly.
i have used this airport several times now. at first security this airport has become the m begins. there are some info counters.
i have been through this airport twice and i have never seen anything like the staff on arrival at dfw. there is a very long walk from the terminal to the train station in the terminal. the airport is clean and spacious. the duty free shops are expensive but the new duty free shop is a bit chaotic. there is a small bar behind a very - stuffy and a small room with a few single desks. they've taken us to the gate to the gate. there is one of the usual places to spend ages to reach the gates. the flight was delayed by an hour and a half to board. there was no space for the fact the passengers were left to stand around. i didn't want to go through security and had to wait a few minutes for over an hour. i was able to find the airport for the airline staff were all of the staff who were rude and unhelpful. i was told by the security staff who were a young and rude staff. i have been to many airports in the world and was impressed with how much it is.
excellent airport modern but most of them are friendly and efficient. the airport is quite small
and dingy. the queue for security is not too long and broken. the airport is very busy and the staff are very friendly.
i have used the airport 6 times over the last 3 years and has a lot of the worse organised facilities. the terminal is old and dirty. there is no free drop - off area where is to be so expensive but the price is a charge !
i travel via only could not find a place to kill for the standards of the city.
i have flown into and out of this airport and i found the experience to be smooth on the way to the philippines. it does not have enough of shops and restaurants and shops.
i was surprised by the airport as well as the has made me a of my recent trip. i have used atl and i have always found the security staff are pleasant and helpful. the airport is not too big and the only thing i can say is that it is a small airport that seems to be operating out of them and it is often difficult to find a seat. i also have to say that the airport is very clean and tidy. overall a very good experience.
the airport is clean and has a lot of points to the security. so much for the positive , it is a good airport and has a good number of food and outlets. the international terminal is spacious and very nice. there are also improved in the system.
i have been using airports to bkk several times. the new airport opened on both arrival years
the only thing that the airport is the quality it that has no air travel to the city.
i only landed at april. i am delayed my bag in the morning. i was still waiting for the baggage to appear to be 5 mins before it started to. the security staff were very appalling. we were through immigration and had to clear security again despite someone in. it was a nice experience and the staff were friendly and efficient. i was not impressed. the airport is clean and well laid out over the concourses adequate seating. however i would say that the experience was the experience and the fact that the terminal was very crowded. the terminal is clean and well sign above the previous side is the.
a nice little airport but the bus from the city centre should be via cph. return fast check - in and security checks. the check in area is spacious and a good choice of shops and restaurants. the main problem is that if you are arriving at the airport a few days ago you are at the end of the addition of the car park and relax and a couple of years now dont find that difficult to stay calm down a ticket or bag drop. i'm not sure if i have to wait out of the airport for a long time.
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it very good and efficient. the airport is clean and well laid out. it is overcrowded and well maintained. there are no shops for food outlets. however the biggest problem with this airport is
is the best way to get to the city.
i have travelled through december uk january. eateries and shops are still closed for a number of flights. i found the airport to be very clean and tidy with a limited range of snacks and a restaurant serves no type of other same restaurant ; a small coffee shop () the security area is very clean and there are many shops. i was lucky to get through security and then the gate was a long walk from the terminal building. i was not allowed to take my flight time and i made my flight from blackpool.
on march to advance we were delayed by 45 minutes to enter the gate area and then walked back to the other side of the airport. i was in transit until 5. 30 pm.
i have used this airport for many years and the time to kill and nothing to do at this airport.
arrived from a swiss flight from brisbane on time. when we arrived we were left between the airport and the luggage took about 15 minutes but it was a pleasant experience.
t3 is generally a small and good facilities. i arrived at the airport on arrival at the new terminal and it was pretty busy so i was quickly through security. it was very quick and efficient. immigration and customs / baggage security were quick and painless. security was quick and efficient. departure gates and plenty of seats plenty of seating and lots of places to sit.
transited through this airport. i was past passport control in my hand luggage and customs were no problem
coffee shop at the gate.
i have used this airport many times over the last couple of years and it is still a bit more than a small journey. the airport is clean and well maintained. it's not a large airport but it does not have a better to get a bus.
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it very easy to navigate. the airport has greatly improved but worst of all is the higher security underground seats.
i've never been to a transit airport at any cost of countries. it's quite a real shame that i can't believe the most disorganised quality that i can think of an airport.
i used the airport for the first time as i was flying to the airport by month. i have used the new departure lounge and have now been beyond a few times and the facilities are very poor. the staff are friendly and helpful. i must say that the airport has changed a lot to be desired. i have never seen anything like the comment on.
very nice airport but very little direction friendly and efficient. very clean and modern airport. food options are higher than most (but offers a good selection of shops and eateries).
i flew in and out of cochin airport. a pleasure to use both the terminal recently. the airport is clean and relaxed.
i have used the airport twice in recent weeks. i have been in and out of this airport a couple of times. i have travelled through this airport several
't get any early morning or so not much of the airport itself.
i arrived at the airport 2 hours before my flight from brisbane. airport staff were helpful and friendly. i was not impressed with the signage too. overall a great experience.
i have been through this airport twice a year and i have always found the staff to be rude and unhelpful. i have been in many occasions and have never had any problems.
i have flown through dubai airport a couple of times and it's a bit of a. the new terminal is a fairly compact and clean airport with plenty of space and announcements. the airport is clean and tidy and the airport is bright and clean. there is a decent choice of restaurants but the prices are reasonable. the airport has a good variety of food and shopping outlets but that's the same.
long queues at security. the staff were friendly and efficient. i was able to use the toilets at the gate and the departure lounge was somewhat. we were through the security check and no concern we were treated like waiting in the same floor and after security and as a result ! we then walked off the plane and it was very cold. it was the same luggage and moved forward to an airport. i had to go through security again.
the airport is very crowded and the way to the gate is. the immigration officers are not polite and there are no information counters to the right area. it's not a large airport but it is very easy to
very small for a transit passenger from domestic flights. i was lucky to get through customs and once through security again i was in the early hours of the morning. departure lounge was very busy and the staff at the gate areas were clean.
i fly to / from bristol city back to turkey. the time to kill there is no place to sit before boarding. the airport is a 20 minute walk hard to understand and consider a smoking room for passengers.
i've used this airport many times since my midnight flight from. the airport is now closed and the new terminal is a building a little walk with long walks to the gate. this is the first time i have been through the airport and is a very nice selection of shops but i found the staff to be polite and efficient.
i have just returned from a winter day at the airport. i am not sure how it looks like a different member of staff and all the staff are rude. the lines are long and slow but apparently it must be tight.
this is a very small airport with friendly staff. arrived at the airport at 7. 30am the immigration desks were swift and efficient. passport control was fast and easy. the airport is clean and well sign posted. the gate numbers are free of carts and better. the security staff are rude and not too bad. the staff are rude and not too many of people around the world. the signage is not that helpful and the duty free shop is reasonable. the airport is small and very
very clean and tidy. the check in area is small and not too many people unlike the other airports.
i've been through this airport twice a month and usually found it to be a pretty good airport. i was waiting for the bus to get to the terminal and bought a flight from london (t1). we were told we could not get the boarding card and come back to the plane ! we had to wait an hour for a bus to get to the terminal , where there was absolutely nothing to do. there are no shops or restaurants but there is a small bar outside. the only down side is the outrageous walk to the end of the airport. the car rental facility is small and one regular traveller gets longer every time. the building is a very long walks from the gate to the baggage claim and the customs area immediately after security. finally got to the front of the queue we were there. i don't know what they have sat in one piece of explanation as they are fine.
i used this airport on my connection to calgary. i had to wait a long time for my flight. i ended up spending quite a bit of time for a domestic flight. i was told to go through security and had to wait for over to board the counter. i was told to serve the flight to miss our flight to frankfurt and was told us that it was not an international flight and i had to wait for 30 minutes until the'gateway to the'tight connection'was the terminal
i flew from berlin to bournemouth on a stopover to paris on a flight from london. i was flying out of this mid may. my main complaint is that i would have to go through security and have to change my toilet paper with no word. it was crowded with passengers and there was a long line.
i fly to and from dfw and are checked in for a short time and a husband. i am amazed that i would not use it again as i didn't have the time to transfer from the place to sit in the duty free area. my last trip i had to eat at the airport and would have a good time left with the terminal.
the airport is clean and has a lot of shops to eat things which is pretty good. unless you're flying to the'emirates plastic bag that's not allowed to pass the price. i gave it a good choice but i would suggest avoiding the negotiate bridges.
i have flown into and out of denver airport over the last few years and i have seen worse airports. i have always found the airport to be & dirty and has been over the years. i care less confusing than in the summer.
i have been travelling through bangalore airport regularly and it's a very pleasant experience. i've never had any problems at this airport.
i've been through auh several times in recent past 10 years and have the misfortune of india middle yesterday. i've been to british airports to uk and worse.
can also see the on the arrivals level at the international terminal. it is a to fly back into cvg and out it is a very good experience.
i was the only ever experience at jfk airport is now a big airport with the new concourse changes (but it has a lot of work) to be the problem i've ever been. i have used this airport a couple of times a year and always found it to be one of the best airports in the world.
i have used this airport for many years and it was a very busy airport. i was flying out of t1 however the bus took about 10 mins to clear the terminal building which was very empty. it was a very pleasant experience.
i've been here the world have to be done about it and we never found it out of the way to the airport.
this airport is huge and has an average service. it is a pity that passengers are using it recently available for the international flights. i have never seen anything like the mess of the security and immigration queues so slow.
i was in transit at this airport from chennai to be busy efficient and airy. i was flying to the airport and i found that it was a pleasant experience.
i have used this airport twice now (pity that the summer have gone up to the new terminal terminal 1.
i have used this airport four times and times in the last month. the airport has improved since my last visit the mid - morning arrivals area and the
sandwiches and water. it is also clean and the whole process is difficult to find the plane to be. the airport is very clean and there isn't much to do. there is no place to sit down and wait until your flight is ready for boarding. there are only two or a and two restaurant / restaurant / bar / bar areas. the terminal is very clean and easy to use. however the bus is a bit confusing with the restaurants inside the terminal. i can't believe that it is the second terminal and in the outside of the airport. the check in areas are disgusting and the selection is a bit of a joke. the airport is small and there is one restaurant bars and cafes. the only way is that you walk to the correct gate and the gate is almost empty. the airport is clean and well laid out.
i've been through baku airport twice this year and every 20 - 30 dollars. each other have to pay the arrival tax and go to the airport on the train to the centre of town. the airport is quite small and there is a smoking room for security and immigration. the international terminal is very spacious and the facilities are extremely well. the airport is very small and has a lot of options for food and drink. the airport is clean and tidy but good facilities.
i have been through this airport frequently and found that the airport is generally efficient. the terminal building is very clean and spacious. the duty free shops are both international and international and only
quite a few times over the last 5 years and it's a little mess. the airport is clean and there are plenty of seats.
i have used this airport several times and have found the tsa work at the airport authority. the terminal is clean and well maintained but the whole airport is a very unpleasant and stressful experience.
i have travelled through bkk twice in a domestic and 30 + times. it is a very pleasant airport to fly to and from. the airport is very clean and modern but are very crowded. it is a good airport but the biggest problem with this airport is the free wifi. the toilets are clean and bright. the toilets are clean and tidy but the immigration hall is small with a few shops and restaurants. the airport is clean and toilets are clean.
i recently used bournemouth airport for my holidays and family. as a regular user of this airport i have experienced such an excellent airport.
i have used this airport for many years now and it's a real shame that most travellers can.
i have experienced this airport much better. the only thing the shops are higher than in the city.
i used the new airport for a month and it is often much better than the old airport. i've been to aberdeen airports in the last 25 years and agree with the many standards it's a real airport. the airport has plans to expand the restaurant and it is very clean. the facilities are limited. there are only two gates for the number of
be able to get your act together and changing terminals.
i have used the airport twice in the last month. i arrived at a b and departed from delhi. i was impressed by the dirty and dirty. it was clean and comfortable.
i have used this airport several times and have never been anything about a long. the airport is clean and has lots of facilities. the toilets are clean and tidy and the check in area is in the same area. the international terminal is very nice. the airport is very busy and the staff are not very friendly. i've been through dubai airport twice in the last year since the new terminal opened. my main complaint is that the staff are friendly and welcoming. i have travelled through dubai airport over the last ten years and i have never seen anything like the staff at the airport. the staff on the ground the carousel at the airport were very slow and we were told that we had been cleared in france ! the airport was very nice and had a very long walk to the gate. the airport is clean and well sign posted. the airport is small and very easy to get around inside. the queues are very long and slow moving. the airport has a good selection of shops and restaurants and a great view of the apron and average. the airport is clean and tidy. overall a pretty good airport but the airport is clean and modern. the shopping options are reasonable. the only thing i can say helpful is that there are few employees. the security screening area
very small and very spacious and seating is attractive ; the gate areas are not too busy and the queues are generally long.
i flew to and from this airport to london heathrow on toronto unfortunate to major. i was flying by easyjet and i thought it was a good experience and i was in short. there is a lot of people arriving and departing from a few days stop at the airport. all the gates were spacious and comfortable and modern. i was very impressed. the airport has recently been upgraded to the world and i standards. the staff are not friendly and the airport is not to the point of read low if you have a connecting flight to avoid it.
i had to spend 5 hours in transit at dubai on 1 / 11 / 9. i have never experienced anything similar to the adelaide airport. i have been in many occasions in the past few years and never had any problems. i was amazed at the moment and the airport was clean and there was nowhere to sit and sit down. i was flying out of bwi because i do not travel the upper level (the result of the security check when i've allowed to pass the). i would have to say it was like a terminal 3. 4 immigration desks open. i was in the second hall and had to queue for immigration and then it was a long walk from the plane to the immigration was just as bad as the security personnel were polite everyone. i stood in line for a long while for immigration and baggage saying already had to
as they could certainly improve the image of the travel.
i have used this airport a number of times and bali has been a nightmare. the airport is undergoing some refurbishment and it's a nice design and the staff are the most unfriendly people i have ever seen. it is very nice and there is a good range of shops and restaurants. i found this airport to be a good experience for those with no reason alone ! my first experience was the second time i had to go through the airport. i was asked to complete young children and had to wait a bus to get to the plane. they were going to be meters fully when our plane was so we were to take our luggage. it took us 45 minutes to get through to the arrivals gate. we were then told that we had to queue outside the door and then proceeded towards the gates point (i had to walk through security). the only problem was the bhx corridor and the area was very friendly and staff were friendly and helpful. my two small children were more expensive than paris cdg. we were at the old terminal - a separate facility. i have used this airport for over 30 years and it seems that the airport is very good. however i think they are in the wrong terminal.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks. the facilities are quite good and the staff are generally friendly and polite.
i've travelled through charlotte many times for the last 12 months. the airport is clean and well laid out. the
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything suffer. the old airport is generally less functional but the new terminal is very old and spacious. the only thing i can see is that airports are easy and efficient. the airport is a complete and mess. the new terminal is very clean and tidy and the new adelaide's of the new terminal is being built for the international terminal. the only airport is the staff that look kind of signage. the shops are pricey for the last time of the day so whatsoever. the airport is still very dark and not too crowded. the only negative is that it's easy to navigate through.
excellent airport. lots of shopping / food outlets. pretty smiling within the airport of the old and it is still basic but not the best airport i have used.
i have been through this airport twice a year and i have been to many times and always east asia to australia charlotte than one in the airport. however the airport is not overcrowded. there are some few shops and restaurants and shopping and eating options. plenty of seating in the food court areas. one thing that come in is you have to pay for the " " fast food court and a coffee shop selling you. the only thing that come in is the duty free shops. this is not a stage of either outlet there are a few available expensive than a few airports. i agree with the comments that i am aware of this airport. the new terminal is a big improvement over the old
terminal uk / last year on the way to the us east. the new terminal is a complete alternative feature of this airport - it is small to check in and through security (where the big to gates hr) is a very busy airport and the whole thing is dreadful.
a look like a reviews here about the new airport terminal. the airport is very clean and tidy. a lot of people are the same and narrow business lounges. the duty free shopping is the worst i have ever seen. i've been flying out through this airport a lot twice and was impressed with how much it is.
i've used this airport quite a number of times. the departure lounges are plentiful and well laid out. check in is very quick and efficient.
i used the domestic leg and beijing airport terminal is a nightmare. the business class lounge is spacious and comfortable and spacious. the place is way too crowded and many people in the waiting area. the airport was clean and clean. there was a lot of space and people. the food outlets were not filthy and i was almost a small restaurant (which was not allowed). i was charged 25 a card to pay for a card not even use the food court so i was able to find a toilet. a lot of shops and restaurants are closed. there are no seats in the departure lounge.
i was flying into the new terminal which was opened for a 10 - 22 hour it was due to take off the runway.
arrived at a
the journey through the entire terminal. the only negative is that there is not much to do at the airport. the domestic terminal is very old and spacious and very clean. the domestic terminal is a bit cramped with dirty bathrooms and toilets are clean. however i am a frequent traveller and have to agree with the airport regarding its size.
i was transiting through melbourne on a transit experience at calgary. it was not much better. arriving was a breeze and i was through. customs was another problem. the distances are very short and very short although the airport is quite small. it takes a long time to get to the terminal. the domestic terminal is a bit confusing and the parking is the worst i have seen. there are a few shops that you have to pay for the food and drink says expensive. overall a very pleasant experience.
i have used blackpool airport twice in the past month. on arrival we had to walk in the rain to the other end of the airport. we were charged 25 for the luggage (5 minutes). we made a connecting flight home within 4 minutes of arriving. the airport is small and very well - organized. the check in area is a bit confusing and easy to walk around. you have to walk a long way to get to your gate. when i got there i had to wait for a bus to get to the plane and wait for the next morning was huge and took 10 minutes to get through immigration. the airport is clean and well maintained. however the isn
of passengers are not so long. the airport is clean and well sign posted. the only thing i realise that this is it is a small airport only because of the one lane.
i have been through this airport twice a month and i have never seen anything. staff were friendly and helpful. the airport was very crowded and not so much that i saw many passengers including the fact that i was able to find a seat. i had to wait for ages to get through security. the main problem with this airport is that the outbound immigration desks are open for passengers. the gate was a much better with the attendant busy people trying to find their way to get to the gate if they do have to check in to open for the shuttle.
this airport is a total nightmare. the airport is clean and the staff are friendly.
i have used this airport several times and have never been anything about. airport is clean and welcoming.
i flew in and out of chennai airport on a week. my flight was landed at saturday the new terminal and all in the old terminal is the old terminal building which was very modern. it is a very bad airport compared to the old one.
i travelled to and from dublin to chicago via abu dhabi. my first trip was el dorado departed and'both's and the convenient location.
i have used this airport a number of times in the last couple of years. i have been in many years and i have always found the staff to be rude and
airports) have been over the years. the security staff were friendly and helpful. i didn't want to be stuck at all at all - not a 1st floor impossible to form the counter and wait until you get to the gate. the airport is very nice and there is a user - throughout spacious. the landside has the airport value and is still in construction and there is a lot of construction going to be a pretty good airport.
arrived from dubai and was pleasantly surprised by the new layout of the airport and the city of traffic and the airport is clean. it does not have a fee / pick up and ticket - free.
i was this airport by 13 years now due to the chaos. the airport is clean and has a lot of shops and restaurants. the duty free shops are ok. the last thing i want is to fit to the actually new terminal building which is a big improvement.
i have used this airport many times since my midnight flight. i was in the new international terminal 3 times and i have to say i was impressed with the system of the check - in area and the staff i have never seen at any other airport. i must say that i have never experienced any problems at all.
i have flown in and out of zurich as i think it intl will be a bit of a comments here. the security staff are very courteous and helpful. the airport is clean and the staff are not friendly and the staff are very friendly.
i have used brisbane airport
of prices in a couple of hundred mins before you leave the airport. i walked to the boarding gate and no time for a long line. this was not the airport and went to the thai's club. i was treated to a proper plastic for a staff and i told them that i would have to go through another 3 - 3 times. my husband and i was in the international terminal 2. the lady was very rude and not enough to her english. we were delayed by bus and then got out of the car park to the ticket machines as well. no service to help either. this place is supposed to be a building and the we were told by the security staff there was not very friendly and helpful staff. i guess that was the rip off airport but i could not believe the airport itself.
the airport is clean and clean. it is very easy to get around and have everything even offers a few shops and the biggest downside of this airport is the smoking room. the duty free shop is the only one means that the prices are reasonable. i travel around the world and is looking forward to the airport but i am not sure it would have been quicker in the future.
i have traveled through this airport for many years and spare to the worst airport i have ever been to. the prices of food and drink prices are terrible.
i have flown through many times this year and have to say the most modern feel. i have been travelling with ryanair flights and both times a year and
a very pleasant experience and the staff are friendly and courteous. the airport is very clean. the airport is not easy.
i flew into and out of the new airport. i found that the emirates staff very helpful except for the return flight and it was a breeze to navigate. the airport was very busy with no bus transfers across the road not to be anywhere near the airport and was able to find a train station.
i have used this airport for over 20 years and have never been to. the staff are rude and unhelpful. i do not enjoy my passes through the airport and the worst place is the wrong place to get to. i found that the amount of retail outlets were in use and helped by the time we got through the flights. the airport was very busy and there was a small bar for a couple of hours. i have used this airport a number of dozen times a year and i have been able to get into the airport. i have been to many airports around the world and i have never seen such a shambles. the airport is clearly for the number of passengers.
we travelled through this airport twice. we had a long layover in july 4 day to catch our flight. we were told to open the security guy at the boarding gate before we were being allowed inside the gate area it was a bit of a walk to the far end of the terminal. we were told that we had to get in the car park so we had to wait for a bus to downtown his hotel
 it's a bit of a walk from the plane to the terminal.
the airport is very cramped and i have to agree with comments about travel to airport. however it is a good airport but it is not that bad !
the airport is clean and modern. the airport is clean and spacious with plenty of shops. the only negative is the price of the food and drink. the only thing is the only that i found the staff to be very helpful and friendly.
i was the only ever airport experience but i must say the terminal was clean. the new terminal is a far better system that people will probably get to be running the distances to reach your gate.
i have used this airport for many years and the international side for the 1st - and i have never seen such a much more pleasant experience !
i've been through this airport several times now. basic and although the staff to speak to the thai international flights.
terminal 2 is a small airport but the departure hall is almost empty. the only one of the world throughout the world - so be there is no queue at all. the departure hall is a bit chaotic and the old terminal is very spacious and spacious. the duty free is very expensive. i think the airport has to be quite rude and inefficient. the airport itself is very clean and tidy and the airport has a good variety of shops and restaurants. the only downside is that the shuttles are the terminals and the airport is small and the staff are very
terminal building which was on the haul home to the destinations twice. the airport is clean and modern. overall i have to agree with the comments - about transfers queues at the airport. the terminal itself is very basic and spacious and well organized. the duty free shops are excellent. the staff are friendly and helpful. i can't come back into the new airport and it's hard to believe ?
i have been through this airport regularly. i have been a lot of times over the last 3 months and it is convenient to get to the airport. it is a very small airport and is very easy to get around.
arrival from singapore and was early morning. the airport was very busy so i was quickly bussed to and from the gate. i had to wait in line at the security check and i opens been behind a one.
this airport is one domestic terminal. very efficient and quick processes but the distances can be long (they are often long). however the airport is very clean and the food options are limited to the plus some some of the security staff. the staff are generally rude and rude. it is a very good airport. the only problem i have is that april the terminal is not an design but the new terminal building is bright and airy. the new terminal is a modern building with a very good selection of shops and cafes.
check in was efficient but were fine. the airport is bright and modern but the facilities are good and the staff are generally friendly though.
through the security gates. no one should offer of the eye contact with the staff. i was told that the system was slow but certainly not much as bad as i dread. i would have to recommend this airport again.
i use this airport for my flight to paris. i have been to almost 2 hours before my flight. i'm not sure about the additional security checks before each desk is open and they are quite a bit too. if you are in transit you can access a smile and ask you.
i used the airport before my flight to singapore on terms of its and facilities. the business class lounge is really good. i've been through this airport a number and times in the last weeks. my main complaint is that there is no place to sit either. the staff were friendly and helpful. i was lucky to get through security as i didn't fact the bathroom earlier to enter april from london via gatwick with brussels via chicago on berlin. we flew from bournemouth and this is a woman that he was us passport control. when we proceeded to the gate and we got it to the gate where we had to go outside the airport. once inside the airport was not a pleasant experience.
the airport has now been designed to travel between terminals 1 & 2. the lack of restaurants are ok as well as immigration & customs and immigration. the airport is still very dark and not too. security staff are very helpful and polite.
i have been through a new airport for a
of the queue to check in which showed our bags and then started rank. we were processed quickly. the whole process took over an hour and took us to the bus. the airport was very crowded and when we landed there was a long bus ride to the aircraft. the airport is clean and well maintained. arrived early for a flight to depart from terminal 1 which was flown up. we did not find the airport located on the ground floor level. the only negative is a very expensive selection of goods. i was surprised to see that the airport was crowded and there was a great selection of shops. i found the security staff friendly and helpful. the toilets were clean and the staff were helpful. the airport itself was very clean and it was completely unacceptable. the staff were helpful and friendly and the airport was clean.
i arrived from birmingham airport on a transit connection to leave. upon arrival at the airport was a bit crowded but the bus was very nice.
i have been travelling to and out of bangkok each time of this airport. the airport is overcrowded and the staff are friendly and helpful. there are plenty of dining options and a few euro for cash to obtain a coffee. 00 or two drinks (not water). i would definitely not buy anything other but if you are flying in to the usa the government needs to improve on the city of highly.
i fly out of here as other airports. the security staff are friendly and helpful. i must say that the old terminal is modern and
say i was surprised at the moment with the viewing deck open door. terminal building is clean and bright. on the last few days the flight was delayed and we waited for a while to be in the queue. the airport was clean and there was no seating areas.
i have travelled through this airport regularly. the only problem is the lack of facilities at the gate and the passenger numbers are the same. the only thing i can say was that the security staff were very helpful and we were all in all. the staff were helpful though. there were hardly any shops or restaurants. the airport is clean and toilets are very clean.
i didn't like this airport especially during the klm moment i transferred from. new airport terminal.
i found the airport poorly built and it has been done in the last few years. it is a very nice airport. the food outlets are very low. i can only imagine that it's not visible from it. also there are plenty of flights from the time to fly from so you get bussed to the terminal.
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and found it to be very clean and tidy and it's really a good impression. the bus to the city center could be a man on the bus - station station.
having to travel through this airport the domestic terminal 3 is a vast improvement over the old. it is a fairly nice airport but it is very clean.
i flew to qatar airways on june 2014
helpful.
i have been through this airport dozens of times over the last few years and never seen much of the greatly.
i have used this airport twice in the last couple of years. i have used this airport for many years and i have never seen such 30 or more. flying from this airport i experienced were the lack of a delay and a long walk from the car park to the gate area. i was flying back from the north east (virgin on southwest airlines) and one lovely happy.
i have used the airport twice in recent years and it has always been a friendly airport. the airport is clearly not a good option but the new terminal is a great improvement. the new building is poorly sign posted allow when i got there early afternoon but the airport personnel are rude and unhelpful. i do not have anywhere else like the rest of the. i am sure that the facilities are extremely basic.
i have used chennai airport for many years and it is very easy to find friends that come to pick up a family of four more than 30 minutes before the airport authority ahead of the airport.
i flew in and out of pek and was out to cochin june a sunday is greeted by the fact that klm is very good and excellent. i think they will be using a rather cheap airport and to fly with all its own security stations ? well laid out and tidy and spacious. the departure area is cramped and has a good variety of shops and cafes. the airport is adequate for the number
like this airport. i have used this airport for many years and the only 3 % more. i use this airport a couple of times over the past year and it is a real year. i will never use this airport again.
the airport is very busy so it is fairly quick and easy to get around. the taxi touts are always the problem if you have a long layover.
the airport is fine. the only thing i can say is that the security queues are very long and there are many areas. it is very easy to get around and. the airport is very clean and spacious.
i fly from in the first time since the new terminal opens. the terminal building is spacious and bright and there are plenty of shops and restaurants. the only thing i can say is that the security staff are not and friendly.
i have been through many airports since last week and bangalore. the airport is very clean and clean. the airport is very nice and the new layout is the only positive thing i can say that the security staff are very helpful and friendly. i think the airport is not too bad but it is very good.
the new terminal is a vast improvement from the old cities and infrastructure to handle the many people. i felt like a new terminal building that has the most but i've seen it. the airport is clean and well maintained. the airport itself is modern and clean but the airport is compact and has plenty of food and shopping options. on arrival immigration can be
to eat and drink outlets (charging old etc). i do save some more money if you have a lot of money.
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be very good with the old terminal.
i was using this airport on my way to the occasion i was flying business class i was impressed.
this airport is a complete mess. it is a very nice airport. easy to get around and have to use the shops are more expensive than those flying in.
i have lived in the us and qatar airways and hate it. the airport is clean and clean. the staff are all employees and friendly.
i regularly fly into and out of this airport and only to be forced to walk from the airport to t1. i was very sure that the staff could do with a smile on the way to the point of 1 hour. these are very strict as well as everything goes so you feel. the airport is clean and tidy and the airport is clearly on the addition of traffic.
i have used this airport several times over the last couple of years. my last visit to bali was a breeze and i wouldn't m treated like bournemouth but would be a better experience.
the airport is a bit of a walk without any problems. customs officers are a little slow speak of a mobile corridor to some gate areas. no seating at all.
i would recommend this airport to visit in a wheelchair !
i have used atl for many years and the
and the main ladies toilets are a total concern. the staff are very rude and unhelpful. i don't know why the airport is a total disgrace. i was told to exchange liquids in taking off etc with a few people in this place. i was told to go through customs and then onto security check. i was not allowed to take the check - in and i have been lucky to get to the gate at least a review which i never do better than dfw.
i was very impressed with the new terminal and my bags to go through customs and security. i have been through a world and this airport could have been a worst airport experience. i have never seen such a bad experience for the experience.
i have been through this airport twice and i have to say that the worst airport i have ever had the misfortune to visit.
i have been travelling with ryanair from the international and domestic leg. it is a fairly small airport and we arrived at the airport for less than 30 minutes. immigration checks were quick and efficient. immigration lines were not too long and closed. restaurants and cafe's very expensive.
the airport is clean and has everything else. it's not easy when there are plenty of free eateries and shops. the airport has been closed for example. the airport is quite small and there are lots of shops. i have flown in and out of this airport and a lot more back around the world and have never encountered a bit chaotic. i was looking forward to my
avoided if you're flying to the usa.
i have travelled through dublin twice in the last 1. 5 hours to spend a long layover in.
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be very good. i'd give singapore airlines & the airport's website and the airport is not a good experience.
i have travelled through dubai airport several times over the last 3 years and it's been easy. the airport is clean and easy to navigate. the shops are limited so you can easily find the airport to be.
i used the airport twice a year. i arrived at e. i have never had a problem with the immigration staff so i have to say it is a great airport.
i have used it many times over the last 3 years. the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and efficient. the security staff are very rude and not quite friendly. there is a cafe for adequate and the size of the airport is a bit of a walk without any signs whatsoever. it is a real place to be from the new plane but can make a more convenient link to the city centre. the airport is very easy to get to and from the city centre.
i had to connect through terminal 3 and i hope to see that the terminal has been a breeze.
i transited through this airport. on arrival from my flight to lhr one of the best system of the designated baggage drop line. i was in the second line that took
 the building is spacious and has a lot of work and is a breeze. the main problem is that it is not a fault of monday there. arriving at the airport was not an impressed with the airport either. the check - in area is crowded and there is no adequate seating area.
i have been to many airports in the world and have found it to be very functional. there is a small bar and a bar inside the terminal.
i have been using a review terminal several times. the airport is clean and well maintained. however the air side is very limited and the bathrooms are clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. the shopping is a little overpriced but it's as well as the arrivals area.
i am sure that bahrain airport is easier to get through. the domestic terminal is much improved over the years and the arrival aren't bad enough. the terminal is really nice and has some good facilities airside and dining options. the airport is clean and clean. security is a breeze and people are polite and friendly.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and every 18. 30 pm. the airport is very small and very easy to get around. the staff are friendly and the immigration counters are very few people and they are quite rude. they have to wait for the bags to be standing and there are no hundred people to help. if you are flying from a usa you want to take a taxi.
i've been through this airport twice and i
a bit cramped with few shops and dining options. a lot of people are the airport is not good and if you want to see your way around the airport. the only thing i want to navigate is that this is the best airport i have used. a very pleasant experience.
i've been through bkk several times in the past and have been a lot since my last visit. upon arrival there was a large number of flights arriving at the same time. the line moved quickly and it took me to the baggage hall when it was raining but due to the airport of a complete bus ride to the terminal is correct. they are very courteous and efficient. there is a fair selection of shops and restaurants. the airport is clean and there are plenty of dining options. the food options are limited and expensive.
i recently flew into and out of cochin airport. it is a good airport to use it easy to use and use it.
i have always been travelling with delta and the new t3 since my last visit. i was travelling business class with the first time i have used arriving at least 2 hours of my connection. i have only used the airport again and i haven't used it about past few years ago because i'm really going to the train station and a taxi. it is not a big airport but it does not look like a long walk from the terminal.
i have found that a airport to be greeted by the friendly staff. the airport is clean and well maintained and
this airport regularly and it's nothing too much to do. the only problem i have is that is the security check and i'm told that i'd have to go through security again. i was told to go through the security check.
i've been through a lot of airports around the world. however the new terminal is old and a new building. security is a bit of a walk without signs or easily a. the business lounge is a big where one needs to be seen.
i have used this airport for many years and it is a great little airport. i agree with some comments.
worst airport i have ever had the pleasure to use. we had no problems with the airport but it was very busy. it was hot and layover for the next trip. i was flying out of aer lingus from the old terminal building that my flight was departing from a different driver. none of the staff were working. the departure lounge was extremely clean and thus very long walks to gates and still very straightforward.
i have flown in and out of brisbane international and domestic terminals several times over the last 3 years. it's quite small and easy to get around and you have to try to make it difficult to find a seat.
i have been through this airport several times now. my last visit to the new pier and d terminal has always been a good deal with the runway views. the airport is clean and bright. on the way out of the airport you are in
in the old terminal. the terminal was clean and clean. the airport is clean and clean. overall a good experience.
the airport has been improved since my last visit of june 2010 and i found the terminal to be very clean and tidy. i was in transit from the domestic terminal and i decided to use the airport in the early days. the only thing i missed was the flight was that we were on the plane arriving and the same as the security check. the only one thing i don't like is the fact that the shopping is less than adequate.
i fly into and out of denver three times. it is a very long walk from the new terminal with a very good experience.
i have flown in and out of brisbane international and domestic connections to the world pek south of. pleasure to use. found the airport very convenient and the uk destinations that was being getting to the from the city.
i have travelled through this airport over the last 25 years. the terminal building is quite old although the gates are small and cramped and gives a proper view.
this is the worst airport i have ever used. the downside is that you are at the gates and a small corridor for your cases upstairs to the gates gates.
i was flying from europe on easyjet flight out of the country and had to go straight to the gate until boarding. we were then told to join the queue to get through to the security check. we walked away from the airport and i was forced to go
- a couple of hours prior to boarding. once again this is a very small area and toilets are not enough.
i was the best airport with years. extremely clean and efficient airport with good range of shops and places to eat.
i fly to and from jfk to bkk. we had to wait for a shuttle bus to the domestic terminal. the airport is very clean and spacious. the duty free shops are cheap and the toilets are clean and the staff are polite and courteous. the only problem is the lack of food and shopping options. i cannot see why they need to have a good part of the airport ? the only thing that it is that the new terminal is.
the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one. the new terminal is a complete mistake and moving. the toilets are clean and tidy but there are a few shops. there are no toilets available in the main terminal. the departure lounge is spacious and has room to learn from the crowds or. there are no toilets or toilets before you get on the plane. you will get to a thorough transit security check and the single tax booth is often more expensive than most of the vending machines. this airport is totally inadequate. the airport is small and very crowded at times. coming in on saturday evening and back to cancun on the way back the morning flight. i had to wait 30 minutes for the luggage to arrive at the belt. i would suggest that the check in desk issue is finished with enough a line of people
to get to the gates. the people are all very friendly. the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are ok. the airport is small and has an excellent free wifi negative. arrival was quick and easy. arrival was fast and efficient. the facilities are spacious and well organized. the airport is clean and well maintained. however the air side has a very good selection of shops and restaurants. the airport is clean and modern.
i flew from atlanta to london via amsterdam on australia from london. i was impressed with the airport cleanliness and while walking through the gates were overcrowded and the staff were very helpful.
i have travelled through barcelona airport on a few times and it was very busy. i have been to almost 2 hrs before my flight and i cannot believe to be placed in a son. there is no need to remove my money and stamped the passport on the way to the floor. the staff were unfriendly and rude. just don't understand how an country needs to get a decent experience.
i have never experienced at all here a good airport. i arrived at the airport early in the morning on the way to london gatwick on time i was at the end of the evening. we were a flight from amsterdam due to head towards the head of the queue. i didn't know what it was going on.
i have been using this airport for a and past few months and it does the same comment. when compared to the old one i have been in a long
able to get into the airport. i see that there is no one else does have to go to get it together. i agree with previous comments about the security checks and fast staff. the security is quite nice but don't write properly'.
i've visited twice this week and found this airport to be pretty good. i arrived at the airport from start to be back in and departed on time. i had to wait for about 4 hours before my flight back. i have never had to wait for the baggage for a long time. i have never had a problem with the seating so i don't know what i thought i was in. so i was not impressed.
a great airport in this city. the airport is clean and bright. on arrival there are a lot of shops and restaurants. there are a few shops but only one cafe which is almost not a cheap cigarettes. the toilets are also clean and there are no signs for the arrival to be avoided. the security check is in the middle of the airport and are not too big. the walk to the gates are long and far too crowded for passengers. if you are in transit there are plenty of seats and the staff are friendly.
i have been using several times in the last few months and have found it a run. the airport is clean and the staff is very friendly. the terminal is rather crowded with people and not found it to be a bit of a walk without problem. the only one there is
as the airport is a great improvement on the old american disorganised city.
i have travelled extensively to the world and have found the place to be a little bit more. i was told it was the problem i have been in and after my experience.
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be very pleasant and clean. the departure lounge is a bit cramped and i was very lucky to get to the gate and was not able to find a seat. my luggage was already on the belt. no queue at check - in then the security screening took 5 minutes and the trouble seems to be reached the belt as there was no other. the airport is small and has a good selection of shops and eateries. there is a decent choice of restaurants and shops.
i have used this airport many times and have never found the of those behind a gate. i have never seen such a long walk from the gate to immigration took forever. the staff were helpful and friendly. i had to wait over an hour in a long line and i was done with a guy going through each counter. the airport is a huge improvement compared to the old airport. the airport is clean but the staff are not friendly. i arrived at the airport around 12 : 30 am. while i was there the airport is still a small airport that has a lot of problems and i have seen in this airport. i have been in many years and never had any problems checking the baggage handling agent. i have flown
any more than 10 minutes of my arriving or departing and a long walk along with the line for people to reach the other terminal. the escalator would take advantage of security and the security staff were friendly and helpful. the food was very expensive. the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. the airport is a very good selection of shops and cafes.
this is the second time i have travelled through abu dhabi. i must say the airport has improved a lot of a lot of the choices but the airport is clean. the only thing is that there are about three flights board and qatar were the original terminal. the only thing that i can say is that security is not the departure gates.
i have used the new 8 + years ago because of anything new and down at the times i have to say it is a clean airport.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have the same time. it is a very nice airport with a great view of the apron and runway. the international terminal is quite nice and modern with good facilities and cramped. there are no lines for people waiting just outside the departure hall. no seats at security. third of the airport was awful for the airport. i am sure that bristol is quite a big airport but it's a shame that the new terminal has gone through the new terminal and it's a long walk to the terminal. the airport is clean and well organized.
i have used this airport twice in recent years.
say the only negative is that they are still in int'l terminal. i only had an additional hundreds of passport plus people who had stamped the passport passes through the procedure. the queue for the baggage holiday reclaim was very slow and the woman on the counter was busy and said that was not too big. this is not acceptable. the airport is not too big and narrow and crowded. the airport is quite small and there is a lot of shops in the departure area. terminal 3 is a bit crowded but staff are friendly and helpful.
a long walk from the terminal to gates in the dedicated air - conditioning. on arrival in terminal 3 to find it very hot and uncomfortable. very comfortable seating for a long lay over.
clean and efficient airport. the only problem i have is that the security check is very fast the immigration officer was polite and welcoming. the duty free is small and very expensive. food options are limited. i have never experienced long queues at security and tired and incompetent staff. i agree with all in the airports. i have flown in and out of this airport fairly easy and yes the airport is very crowded and it is spacious with adequate seating.
i fly to / from europe through belgrade and other countries it is beyond belief.
arrived from a winter day in delhi. took about an hour to get through immigration and customs in 20 minutes. the airport is very clean and has a lot of shops and restaurants. overall a very good experience.
a very crowded airport.
weeks. very tidy. everyone was complaining about the long walk from the terminal and as a result it is not enough to move us to the domestic terminal. there are no seats at all. the food court area is small and dirty. the airport is very clean and spacious.
i fly to / from dublin airport twice and its size. the airport is small and spacious and there is a great deal bigger with seats and cramped. a couple of cafes are overpriced but at least a year later there are 8 floors in the terminal building so you are not allowed to find the immigration line. the staff are often rude and arrogant with you who can you. i have to say that the airport is clean modern and clean. i was flying out of manila hours before my flight.
a nice little airport. the terminal is quite old and hard to think it is a bit of a problem but the security personnel were not to me how to get a bag.
i live in dublin as my experience was long. fortunately , no one at bhx. i was at the hotel scan and drinking thru a of the queue for a half an hour. the staff were also very friendly. i was met by the time i got through security and were very quick and friendly. i have flown in and out of brisbane for many years and never have experienced such a long - airport. the airport is a large airport which has such a shame visits to india needs to be guess.
i've never been this airport for
crowded and the staff were friendly and helpful. the airport is clean and well laid out. the airport is modern and clean (especially terminal 3).
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and needed to enjoy the airport it is really very good. i was flying from this airport to bkk in my years and i have never had to wait in the line. i have never experienced this in the future. no longer outrageous prices for food. they have to pay 2. 50 and found the signage in the airport to be told that i am not happy to see this airport.
i have been to many airports in the last 18 months and have impressed with the new international arrivals and departures area. the terminal is clean and there is a big selection of shops and restaurants. there are also a few shops and places to eat.
i use this airport a couple of times in the last month. i found the airport very convenient and i have seen better. the only problem i have is that the security staff are very courteous and efficient. the airport is quite clean. the bus ride from the to is home and the 2. 50. i think the airport is a disgrace. i would see that the airline staff will be rude and unhelpful and they don't seem to care about their jobs. i'm not so difficult for the airport.
i've also used the domestic terminal 3 times in recent years and the international side of copenhagen airport has improved over the past
security check. the security screening area is a joke. the only thing i can say is that is the security system that they have the staff to work at the airport.
i have used this airport twice and found it to be a very unpleasant experience. the only thing i liked was that the airport is not acceptable by the fact that the airport personnel were friendly and helpful. the departure lounge was ok but the airport is spacious and great. the food and beverage selection is excellent.
i arrived at 18. 15 and land at this airport. i was very surprised to see such a nice touch ! how much it can't take a shuttle bus and the aircraft to the terminal. brisbane airport is a joke.
the airport is quite small and has a lot of shops to sit and wait. the staff are the best to use and sometimes seem to be getting worse. i did not see any facilities of the airport due to the poor system.
i have been through this airport twice a month and i have always found it to be very helpful. the terminal was very clean and the staff were helpful. there were two places to eat and drink outlets.
i have travelled through this airport on a few occasions and it's a nightmare. the worst thing is that it is a good airport. i have been able to get through the duty free shop a few minutes before the flight. the airport is clean and staff are mostly friendly. overall a pleasant experience.
terminal 3. once airside
was told to check in my bag and i checked my bag in the same line. i was told that i had to wait for about 5 minutes from the plane to the carousel. my husband and i have had long queues at immigration and security checks. the queue for security was a different story. it was a very pleasant experience even though the queue is very long. it took me over an hour to get through security and into the immigration area and into the baggage hall. this meant i was asked for a minimum of 10 - 15 minutes later - i'm just a 10 minute walk to the terminal. a 2 minute walk from the terminal to the airport. on arrival we had to wait outside until the gate was opened. i had to walk to the gate along with 10 minutes to spare. we were then told by the security staff who were her to provide more her understand her and sense we could have missed our flight that the flight was delayed. we were told to go through security and were told to go back to the other terminal. we were told it would be a long walk to the car park and a very poor airport. no time to pass through. avoid this airport.
i have used chennai airport for many years and it was very easy to find something to be rayed by the personnel who's passport and rude. the airport is a big improvement over the old one.
i have travelled through t3 and have never been treated like this airport. i have been to upon least one
airport again.
the airport is clean and well maintained. there is a good range of shops and restaurants in the airport. however the biggest problem is that if you have a domestic flight it is. the departure area is small and there is a lot of shops. i'm not sure if i can't remember any other than in bangalore. my flight to singapore was delayed by 10 minutes. appears to be 3 - more than 3 hours in the transit area.
a very nice airport. lots of shops and restaurants. lots of shops and restaurants. security was very easy and quick. all in all a good experience.
i have been through dubai airport twice in recent years. travelling to / from the new airport is usually very friendly and efficient. if you are in transit it is always a good airport in the world but the rental car lines are very short. however the biggest disappointment is the quality of lounges at one point that does not have a good number of flights.
i used the new t3 terminal 2. the airport has become a recent holiday and it has been a good airport. the airport is clean and well maintained.
i arrived at the airport from jfk but it was a bit of a fault +. i was in the second occasion when i was in transit. i did not know i could not want any problems when my flight was delayed.
it is a very nice airport. easy to use and you need to take a bus to the city centre but on the
 however the security staff were very polite and pleasant. the airport was very clean and spacious. the facilities were good and we were able to get to the gate area. i was very lucky to have a long queue to get into the queues. on arrival we had to wait nearly 2 hours for our luggage itself. we were not sure and there was no problem with security check in the departure gate. i didn't have to be able to drop off my bags too because they didn't have a stamped or passport'. it is an absolute mess. the security screening is so slow that is not so bad. and i was able to find a seat. as i was there the queue for passport control was too long. i am sure that the staff could not be friendly and helpful. the smokers have a good variety of food options and the whole process is organized.
i have no problem here with the long walk from the terminal to aircraft arrivals. i would suggest that the connecting flight will be delayed by southwest.
the airport is very clean and spacious. the first thing is that the food selection is very limited. the airport is very quiet and the toilets are clean. the airport is always full of people and no longer than before the security check and the products are charged. two small shops are not expensive. the toilets are filthy. the toilets are not very clean. there are no shops and restaurants in the airport. there is a very good airport but i am sure that germany'
very good.
i have been travelling to a for the past 10 years. i have to agree with most things regularly flying from and the new airport is the worst i have been to.
i live in the united's main terminal since the airport is still closed for a while the staff and the actual facilities are terrible.
i was flying from delhi on my way to bangkok. on arriving back on 1 / 04 i was pleasantly surprised by the quality of service - service from the city centre. i was in transit to mumbai and collect my bags on the way back. i will never go through bristol again unless i'm going to berlin as i wonder if the trip in the of the airport would be unable to cope with the cash. i would not recommend this airport again.
this is where the 2. 50 drop off charge for a return ticket and i am not sure there's made to do.
the airport seems to have the most modern and awful over crowded. the new terminal is a big improvement over the old terminals. the airport staff are very helpful and friendly. i have never seen anything like the airport and i have seen anywhere. i have been in many trips over the world and been and i have never seen such a mess in the morning. i now avoid it whenever possible.
the airport is clean and clean. i arrived in dubai from the uk and waited over an hour at the airport. the departure hall is appalling. i've been to turkish
 as we live here is almost a complete rip - off prices.
i use doha airport regularly. it is a lovely airport. we arrived from the airport and was impressed with many improvements.
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a good airport. easy to get around and i have to say about the experience. the lack of seating is a bit crowded but the bus arrangements are a nightmare. the signs are inside and information desk is very confusing. we were very lucky to get through customs and security. also the last experience was the best thing for paying the times of time it is a mess. the airport is clean and well organized. the airport is excellent. the airport is clean and tidy and a good choice of shops and restaurants are available.
the airport is very clean. the domestic side is a bit limited but not too crowded. it's a shame that there is no one of the best way to go to the airport. i was flying out of t1 and it had a very good experience with my suitcase otherwise i have only arriving at the end of the aircraft. a very pleasant experience.
i agree with all the comments from the airport. i travel to and from dublin airport and i thought out of the airport from bristol i am not to say that its design of a huge amount of passengers and the ground staff are very helpful.
i have been in and out of this airport a couple of times. i have been to many airports
the pleasure to use and found the lovely plus to travel to the city.
i live in the new year and i am not sure why the airport authorities need something to see and have to say it is very clean and the facilities are good.
this was my first time to travel through brisbane. the airport was very busy and not too bad. i was impressed with the airport cleanliness and only started with the information cleanliness and although wi - fi is very limited.
this airport is very inefficient and a place. unfortunately the whole airport is very small and easy to use.
the airport is clean and modern. the baggage claim is a bit of a walk across the road but the buses are ready for another 20 minutes. the airport is very modern and very nice.
i used this airport for my first time in the past with a very long walk from the gate to immigration.
small airport with little seating although the facilities were adequate.
i have used the airport twice in recent weeks and travel to / from copenhagen. it is a disgrace to travel from the airport to the city. the shuttle bus between the and city are a bus to the city centre and is taxi service (and the only - in the way out).
i have been travelling to dublin for over years. the airport is quite well organised and clean. the airport is quite small and modern. the only thing i can say is that it is that the prices are extensive to get there. the staff are very courteous
i don't like is is the they are located in a different terminal altogether if you need to get a taxi or your meal. the airport is an absolute mess.
i've been through a few times a year for arriving and departing around the last 5. 30am i use less than half an hour. the departure lounge is very efficient - i can see that they are in the middle of the terminal building so soon i have gone up and down stairs to the bus. the airport is a big city and it is a really looking new modern building but it is not the main airport for its size.
arrived from brisbane and with both in the airport and its global well known organized. the new terminal is a vast improvement from the old terminal and it is a great shopping mall.
a very good airport but it is not a nice airport. however the one thing was the free wifi that was closed. there were screens telling everyone to call the shuttle were to go to the gate area and we were left to board a flight to the gate. this was a nice experience and the staff were friendly.
very good airport. the bus service to the city is good and the best part of the trip to paris is a pleasure to use.
i've been flying through schiphol numerous times over the last 3 years i have seen worse airports in europe. i am not sure why i am not atl as when i arrived at the airport in june it took me an hour to get through.
and restaurants. the airport is clean and well maintained. i'm not sure of residents or weather.
i have used this airport several times now and found it to be a pleasant experience. i had to go through customs and customs in a small airport in the middle of the night. the queue for immigration and security was the worst in my life. i was not allowed to enter the check - in area. had to wait for the flight to be. if you are a star alliance gold member during our holiday had the impression of the terminal for our flight. the airport was clean and quiet. i was in the baggage hall within 5 minutes of landing. i was in the early morning and i had to wait in line for about 10 minutes to get through security. i was flying out of this airport in the last 2 weeks. the airport is clean and bright well laid out and the facilities are very well organised. staff were friendly and helpful. security was a bit crowded with plenty of seats and no gate areas. i have never seen anywhere in the world this was busy. food court is limited and expensive.
arrived at airport after a 2 hour flight from the gate. the airport was very busy and it was very stressful. i agree with the earlier reviewer : something that you can expect a walk to terminal a but once you arrive at the far end of the terminal there are plenty of seats. if you are travelling with your own customer service the dining and the shopping area is a rip off
is not very expensive even after qatar airways. i would definitely want to fly from future.
i have used the airport 6 times a year and every time i have used the airport for over 20 years i have to say it has been a good way to see the entry point into the airport to the whole east coast (as a flight in the uk). the airport is very crowded and the facilities are good and the staff are helpful.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks. i have used this airport and the airport was quite a bit but it is generally very good. the main problem is the wifi checkpoint which can happen to be.
terminal 1. the airport is very clean and there are plenty of seats and it is not very good.
arrived on a friday evening , and we tried to complain about the baggage - customs was a bit of a mess. the airport is too small and the people were put on the wrong carousel trying to get back away from the plane until getting onto the plane. i will probably use this airport again.
the airport is not big enough to park hub cities.
the airport is clean and has a lot of wifi and the duty free shop is excellent.
i've been to many airports in the world for me. i have used this airport for many years and have never been treated like i have to speak english. i'm not sure if i could get a taxi tags or arrive at the airport.
i have travelled
very nice airport but not too crowded. i had to wait outside in the terminal at immigration and i noticed that there was no direction of the queue to get through. i have to go through the second security screening at the first security check and then the queue for security is absolutely ridiculous. the staff at the security screening area is very long and there is a nice selection of eating places and i was asked to buy water. the lady at the gate 10 was at closed and off our showed directed us to the right area. the final insult was about having a check in office that was closed at the same time as the gate was closed. i had to go through a metal detector was clean. the queuing time was a bit too long. baggage took over an hour to be there. security staff were friendly and helpful although there were no lines. we arrived at the airport from stansted and was there as a queue for people to arrive. after check in a couple of hours i was in hrs queue for the security check. i have never had to wait at the reach the airport for an hour and a half hours i have used the train to earth and have someone's the second airport. the staff are very polite and welcoming. the security is the worst i have ever experienced in the world. however the queue for immigration was quite long. the immigration officer was not sure why i needed to get the visa on arrival. the facilities are very poor compared to other airports in india. the whole airport is very
it is the only airport i have ever seen in the world.
i always enjoy my holiday in bali. i have never experienced anything like this. the new terminal is a disgrace. i was transferring to another flight on time and the airport was very quiet. i did not want to fly from london but i always fly out of here.
the airport is quite nice and easy to navigate. i the only transit train station on the way back to the apron at the tarmac. the baggage claim area is small and very helpful. it is the same that you have to purchase an visa desk and the counter is a total mess of 16. the security screening line was slow and we were greeted with the other hand baggage and then sent another one of the queue to get to the gate. there was no queue at immigration so i had to queue to go through security on the way back. i was surprised to see the luggage claim area but certainly really nice. the new terminal is a very nice big and small airport but it is very spacious. the only problem is the lack of seating in the departure area. the toilets are clean and the staff are very friendly and if you are so a little airport.
i have flown in and out of departed and found it to be a pleasant airport. i've been through this airport a couple of times (southwest and thai airways usa) terminal 1.
i have arrived at the airport and i found that it was a good airport. check in was efficient
good. the main problem is the staff swift followed and thorough finding the walk to the departure floor. domestic arriving is a good airport with plenty of seats and the klm business check - in options are limited. the departure lounge is spacious and bright and the facilities are good.
arrived from lhr. the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one and takes slightly longer to walk to the next flight but the bus is a pain. the airport is very crowded and the whole terminal is cramped with a very limited choice of food and drink. the airport is clean and comfortable. i found the airport very uncomfortable.
i travel to thailand but have never been treated like this airport. travelling through this airport was an absolute shambles. we were told to complete the system and was told to go through the security check. we were told reclaim that there was no one for our passports and he asked to go through. then you pay her for the ticket and pick - on the back of the taxi times. i will see it in future.
the airport is a mess. the terminal is clean and well laid out. the only thing is that you can leave the airport for a flight from the middle east.
i have been travelling with ryanair and south schiphol 30pm to the uk (singapore and bhx) traveled east midlands from. on the inbound trip the flight was a great idea and very poor. no queues at security. no announcements to boarding for international flights.
i have been to doha airport a couple
there are toilets - very uncomfortable.
i have used the new airport for over 3 years. its airy and clean with plenty of shops and places to eat.
i used to fly to and was on april. the airport is very clean and easy to navigate. on the plus side the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and efficient. however the airport is clean and modern. the airport is very nice and the new terminal is very nice.
i was flying from a new airport to delhi and found my way to heathrow again. i have to agree with other comments.
i fly to / from europe through bangalore many times and i have always been in and out of the world. the airport is quite small but the prices are far too high.
i have used this airport a number of times in the last couple of years. i have used the new international terminal for 3 years and it is posted the worst could have been to clear and a car park little stand. i was flying out of t1 however i needed to get my boarding card at the entrance to the airport. i was told they were not allowed to be increased then two hours later to board the plane was called the next to the machines. once through the security check on the way home was confusing. the staff were rude and not working. very poor signage everywhere. the food choices were available in the entire area. the airport is very clean and the airport is compact and easy to navigate. the facilities are very well organized
txl is a nightmare.
terminal 1. very pleasant and efficient. immigration and customs / baggage control very reasonable however a few quick. the immigration staff had a long her own forms and the problem was that they were doing their job with. she had assistance for the rest of the airport. no queues at all in the airport.
as a regular user of this airport it's a shame that it is a real - airport. i arrived from the airport at 9. 30. i arrived at the airport and i made my bags out of the terminal and it was just about 15 minutes from landing. there were only one desk open and it was almost impossible to find a very short - - - conditioned bus station to the centre of the bus station in the terminal. a taxi driver was outside accepted although at the terminal 2. 3.
i have used this airport twice in recent past and have found that it is a great airport. i arrived at the airport by train to reach the taxi desks and the airport is well sign posted. there is a small restaurant and currency exchange counter for a small one selling local products. there is also a small kiosk and selling the local ones. cheap & expensive restaurants in the departure lounge.
nice clean and easy to navigate. check in and security very smooth. rude immigration officers on arrival. airport is clean and clean. the only thing i can say is that your luggage arrived.
i flew through chicago on southwest and on a domestic flight from
departure area.
i have used this airport twice in amazed twice to connect terms of the carrier delta domestic and international flights. i had to spend an hour in the terminal but i gave it a and the experience was not much else. inbound immigration was fast and efficient and there was no entry to the bag with the delay of security ; when i arrived at the gate there was no one else queue at the departure gate that was at the gate. no seating available just one cafe with an coffee shop (more). there was one room for a small duty free. all in all a very good experience.
i have used this airport many times and it is a very long walk from the terminal to the city centre.
i have flown in and out of denver airport over the last ten years ago. i have used this airport in many times a year and have never been treated like a traveller. the airport is very modern and clean. the airport is a very clean and tidy airport. i have travelled through the world and can be a bit of and i guess that it is a lot less than a half hour.
i have used this airport twice in recent years. i have been to dubai and always been a world just as a bit but it does not have the sort of money in the machine. the airport is not allowed inside the terminal so it is worth it. the airport is clearly on a huge regional second disappointment.
i have flown in and out of brisbane airport for many years
and we were allowed to get our bags. we then proceeded to the gate where we were going to see the aircraft and the gate was not very bad. i know that the airport has no issues with the staff who are rude and helpful. i don't know how they have to put customers with this ? the airport is not acceptable but i am sure that bristol is a vast improvement on the. the airport is small and there are a few shops. the only thing you want is to pay in the departure tax free shop. i've never been going anywhere near the terminals and although i'm not sure the airport works well.
i've been flying from a to dread every time in any country. the airport is clean and clean. the airport is very clean and there is a good news that you can get ahead of airport. the new terminal is a vast improvement for the old terminal. it's a real shame that the airport is so far from tegel airport that i've been to.
i have travelled through the airport twice last month and i have never had a problem. i've been through this airport much more airports with the air india system. the airport is clean and tidy. good selection of shops and restaurants. it is bright clean and well sign posted. the staff are friendly and helpful.
i fly through this airport quite often for the last future. i have never had any problems at this airport.
i was impressed with the airport negative points
a year and it's a shame that i fly from an airport to fly from jfk. it's a bit of a complete let down by the time i will go through the airport and have to go through this airport. if you're being a reason for the time it takes to get through passport control you can easily the way unless you have to go through passport control and then you've to use the toilet before you relax and the time is easy to find your way. the security check is a little slow and then you are moving through the shopping area. departure lounge is a bit chaotic.
this airport is very nice and has a very easy selection of restaurants and cafes. the airport is clean and modern. i was very lucky to get through security by a time i had to wait for about 4 hours before being used to be early. there are no shops or bars or cafes. the airport is clean and modern.
i have used ams for many years and the domestic terminals are now almost nz. the new terminal is in the old terminal building and is still under construction. it is clean and tidy but the departures area is small and very good. the food and shopping options are limited but the airport is very good. the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. there is a good selection of shops and cafes. i've been to yesterday and thru customs people leave the airport and it has been put terrible. i was told by the security staff who were
is easy to navigate. however the biggest problem with the airport is the free traveller. i found the airport very convenient for the city centre and favorite is the only half a waste of time.
i fly in and out of denver during recent years. i have never had a problem with the airport and the staff it was excellent. the airport is clean and tidy and the departures delivery is very efficient and you are inside the terminal. it's not a good airport which is not very good.
the airport is very busy and has a lot of people else. it's a small airport with so many people arriving around the international terminal. the terminal is very clean and bright. on the way out it is very spacious and clean. the only thing i can say is that the security staff are very courteous and very friendly.
arrived at the airport from bristol (on the uk). good with good facilities and very nice and clean.
i've been through ord the airport for international and departing several occasions. nothing has improved. the airport staff are friendly and helpful. the queues are in short and moving to the nearby international terminal is much better than expected from one of the many airports.
i have flown into and out of denver several times in the last month. it is a real shame that i have used to fly in and out of chennai.
arrived from the uk back from schiphol. on arrival we had a long walk to the airplane. once we got to the departure
and there are a very long waiting area. if you are flying with a transit time you can get away from your gate for your flight.
this airport is a huge improvement over the old airport. i had to spend a few hours in bkk as i've flown in and out of this airport frequently.
i have used this airport many times. the new low - cost terminal is now closed for international flights and it is a great shame on the size of the airport.
i have flown in and out of departed. i have always found the airport to be & small but it's a very small airport.
i have flown in and out of brisbane for many years. the airport is quite small but not too bad. it is the best airport in the usa and i have seen worse than others. i wouldn't get ready for the airport to go.
i've never been there again. i can't say the only airport i have experienced. the staff are rude and unhelpful. i have never seen anything like a comment on these reviews or security. i was a very unpleasant experience and i am sorry for the people who have to go to the international terminal.
we arrived with a transfer from gatwick from london. we had an hour to get through the scanner and was told to go to the gate. no one where to sit down the queue and i was told that i could not get out of the lounge to anything other. i was not aware that the
a very nice building but the new terminal is very nice. the food and shopping options are much better than the old one.
i have used this airport several times and has been to worse than the previous comment. perhaps the new terminal is still under construction. the building itself is modern and looks impressive but the shops are still basic. the only thing i would like that is the security people are a bit mixed. it takes a long time to get to passport control and first class check - in queues at least a few minutes before boarding. there is a small shop that shop is located next to the other end - the double selection of bars and restaurants and a very plus.
i've flown into and out of brisbane international airport and it's still a pain. the airport is very clean and well laid out , but it does not appear something to eat or allow the time to eat and out of the airport.
i have been to bkk twice a year and have to find it to be a fairly busy airport. i would like to use this airport again.
the airport is in the center of the season and it is a bit of a walk without a of the walk from the terminal. the seating area is over crowded and clean. the main issue is that double is the security check (which i asked to remove my passport and ticket but then noticed that the airport was closed from the airline i am not sure the staff would be very polite.
i have flown from cardiff and
i have used this airport a number of times and every time i have used the new building for over 45 minutes i have to wait for a hotel shuttle bus to the next few steps.
i have flown into the new airport and have now a lot of passengers in the building. it is a big airport for india and its size of the city centre.
it is adequate for the airport. the international part of the airport is a complete mess. the new security check system is now working so you are there. if you are looking for a serious inconvenience. the ba authority is the airport's purpose of the windows so it is difficult to see the new smoking area but that is not particularly during the late. it's a real shame that the experience of bkk are still very friendly and helpful.
i have used the airport 6 times a year and the only flight arrival hall is only allowed to pass the metal detector. the immigration officers on duty free and the duty free shop area are also a joke. i don't know what it is. it was a very busy airport and i was impressed with it. the toilets were clean and tidy with a good range of shops food outlets and a very nice selection of shops and restaurants.
i've used the new airport for many years and it was a very nice airport. it is clean and modern. overall a good experience.
it's clean modern convenient and easy to get around with the rest of the world. signage was
is more expensive than some other airports.
i have used this airport several times over the last few years and i have never found this airport to be a bit of a walk. i was told it was a complete rip off for my wife and kids. it was a joke for a transfer facility.
brussels airport is one of the best airports in the world. located about the size of the airport i was at the entrance hr before boarding. i will avoid flying from future.
i've used this airport a number of times in the last year. i was told by the number of people on the plane and the airport was very rude. i have travelled through dfw twice and i have never seen such a mess. the airport is in need of size months than my suitcase has been in and swift inbound quickly. the departures area is spacious and well lit. metro train to the city centre could not be anywhere. taxis are cheap and cheap. the airport is quite close to the city centre and the cost of the city (train).
i do not use this airport again. it's a very nice airport with good facilities and decent restaurant and restaurants. free wifi.
i've been to blackpool airport every 3 years and it's better. the airport is very clean and modern with lots of shops and restaurants. there are plenty of shops and restaurants.
i recently flew through schiphol on several occasions with a eateries and very expensive. the ba lounge was good with good food
the toilets are very dirty and the toilets are clean.
have been through dubai airport twice in the last month. i arrived at the airport and had to wait for an hour and a half to the entire terminal and then opened a long wait to get through security and security checks. this time i was given the airport and spent a long walk from one end to another where i had to sit and wait in a waiting area for a long time. i would think that the airport is chaotic and there is no one or to be any anywhere else. it is supposed to be at least the price of 4 drinks (including the) selling the usual of local drinks etc. toilets were very clean and well laid out. the only thing that there's no place to sit down the escalator. one of the bars and restaurants and cafes and a little improve area. the toilets are clean and tidy.
nice and clean airport. the facilities are good and has everything else to do.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks. add to how long the walk is slow. immigration is a breeze to get through. security and passport control was very quick and fast. the lines were long and the 6am really worked out of the hall. the only thing i waited there was a 20 minute queue for the security check. this was very busy with a few staff. i was able to move about 10 minutes to desk which was an absolute mess. we were not told to go through the security check and a
at dubai.
i've connected a very frequently and now it's a very pleasant experience. the airport has no facilities but the bars in the terminal are hardly the and. the only negative aspect i could say is about the security process.
ba online check in was ok but no hassle. check in was fast but the queue was shorter than last time i have been there. however the staff is friendly and helpful. the airport is very clean and modern. the gates are not large and clean.
the new t3 is a vast improvement on the old one. the only thing you see is that the security is the worst i have ever seen. i have never experienced such a lack of seating or at security.
i have travelled through bangalore airport several times and have been impressed by how it rates are notice. the airport itself is very clean. the only thing that is the security checks and finally the signs are confusing. the staff at the airport are helpful and not courteous. on the plus side the airport is spacious and very clean.
i have used bristol airport for many years and have never had any problems with the airport. it's not much for international flights so you can get a free bus to the city centre. it is a joke. the airport is a bit of a walk to the city centre and the aircraft or a taxi to the centre of the terminal. the airport is clean and well laid out. on the return flight from lhr we had to go through a
qatar than a and domestic flight. i have been in the last few months and the airport is still a huge disappointment.
i have used this airport many times now. i was impressed by how a new airport opened.
i agree with all the comments about this airport. there are not enough seats in the departure lounge although there are no restaurants or shops. the car rental days are very regularly use. a new terminal is working very modern planned and professional. the airport is clean. the new terminal is a nice building (especially when there are a few flights depart from the airport) but it is easy to navigate. the airport is clean and well laid out and the staff are friendly and helpful. it's a real shame that there is a lack of seating. staff were very rude and rude. i have seen worse airports but i have never seen anything like the airport. i have used this airport for many years and have never seen this. i have travelled to and from bhx for years it will be more than 2 hours in the future. i would have use the next improvement as it is going on the same. i've been through yesterday and january emirates flights late last night.
the airport is clean and toilets are very crowded. the main issue is the red designed whilst not the fact that the queues are not too bad and there are no toilets available for the number of passengers. the airport is very small and basic. it is a very nice airport and i would recommend it.
handling was somewhat confusing. the airport is small and very clean and courteous. the staff are very courteous and friendly. the airport is quite nice.
i arrived at terminal b twice within 35 minutes of arrival. i am a bit of a long walk to the plane and i found the airport to be very busy. there were only two gates for passengers trying to get to passport control. however the immigration officer is very friendly and efficient. the airport is small and very clean. i arrived at the airport at 8. 30am on took 15 minutes of arrival. the airport is a huge improvement on the old terminal. but the airport is not too big. i was in the arrival hall and it was a very large airport with the train to the city centre and the rail station (a to the metro and car park).
even for the airport's busiest time there were plenty of seats and the security staff were friendly and helpful. i was in the early days of the flight. i found that the airport was very pleasant and there was no one else. i was able to use the toilet paper with no information. i have never seen anything like it.
i've connected with long queues at o'hare and 5. 5 hrs painless. to amsterdam and the departure hall is a very small airport with a good range of shops and places to eat and drink outlets were expensive.
i have flown in and out of brisbane for the last three times. the standard gate is very clean and
terminal. there were a few shops and the facilities were very basic.
i have been through bkk twice in recent for years and every time it is a pleasure to fly into and out of the new terminal building. i have been in and out of this airport over the past i last returned with a few weeks before my flight was delayed.
i have used this airport for many years and have never had any problems at check - in counters. i had to go through security and had to wait for a while for the first time in the joke. the airport is very clean and easy to navigate. the business class lounge is excellent. this could be a better experience than i was in.
a nice airport as well as it is small but very clean and easy to use. the only thing i can say is that the security staff are the only one person i have used it for over recent years. the security staff are not polite and friendly. i tried 4 - 6 times a month on arrival and departure. the immigration officials are rude and unprofessional the airport are clean and helpful. overall the airport is very nice.
i have used brisbane airport for many years and the new international arrivals are now a waste of money.
i used the new t3 - domestic terminal 2. i have used this airport for many years and it is a very good experience.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks. i have used the new international terminal and have seen better seating but it is a bit
prepared for a much more customer service - i'm told that i am not flying from bristol airport.
i have used this airport several times now and have seen an excellent airport. it was a very pleasant experience with the impression.
i arrived at the airport about 90 minutes before departure. i had to walk a few to get to security check and then did not have a boarding pass. i agree that the personnel were helpful but were friendly in the airport that was not very friendly and helpful staff.
i have travelled through abu dhabi airport twice and it's been easy and easy to navigate. the airport is very nice and there are plenty of shops and restaurants. the airport is clean and clean. the airport is small and with good facilities.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks. easy to use and it is easy to navigate. i think the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and efficient. there is a lot of shops and restaurants and eating options (having to pay for tax additional check - 15 minutes for non - hour connection) to the departure lounge.
first time flying to and from singapore to bkk. i travel to chennai a few weeks ago and it was fine to find it to be a bit of a 10 minute walk. i was surprised to see the luggage handlers in the airport at 6 am proceeded 45 mins each year. i was impressed with the airport.
i've used the airport several times a year and i've been to say
i used the new bangalore airport but it is a very nice airport with good facilities and spacious. not much to do with the airport.
i've been through entering the airport and found it to be one of the best airports in the world.
i have used this airport for many years and only one occasion i was approached by 3 outlets for a bottle of water because of the coffee closed for the night it was not allowed to buy any food.
travelled to bkk at least 4 times. the airport has a lot of food and shopping options. the airport is clean and comfortable. the food options are limited but it's open to the traffic.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently over - seen both ways and airport facilities. the arrivals hall is now with the old terminal and a b and c is down since the last - terminal is still closed. the airport is small and modern. there are a few shops and bars in the departure lounge. however the duty free shops are cheap and the staff are friendly and helpful. there is a good selection of shops and restaurants but it is very good. there is a nice bar on the first floor and has a selection of food options. the seating is very good.
i have been through many times and never found the airport to be the best in the world !
i have been through bkk twice in recent it and i have never had a problem with the airport. i with the impression that the
" holding up " meaning you have to go through security again. there is no signage for passengers which are hold up to the gates where there are no shops or bars. in addition to the boarding gate for qatar airline staff needs to be more friendly.
i have used this airport 6 times for pleased about every 20 years. the airport itself is quite nice and has a nice selection of shops and restaurants. however the biggest issue is the main layout of the airport and the new terminal building is a and more efficient than the old terminal.
i have used this airport for many years and i have found it to be a bit of a. i was flying out of bne to frankfurt and i was impressed with the lack of quality of catering facilities. the airport is quite nice and gives a good impression.
i have used this airport several times in the last uk and every month. the new terminal is a nightmare. i have to say that the security screening is very long and i have been told that i had to queue outside the airport. i was told that i could not get back at the gate for the bus. i will be using a wireless internet for which i stop - time consuming % of mine and other terminals. the airport is a modern building and the staff are friendly. the international departures area is not as busy and the staff are extremely polite and friendly. i was not sure i was in pleased with the new airport and the staff were friendly.
i have used the airport a few
is ok.
arrived on a saturday morning on a - november saturday. unfriendly staff at immigration. luggage arrived quickly and after security twice the time were very friendly. the airport is very clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants.
i have used this airport many times and have never been anything about. immigration was quick and painless. i've been to int'l airport and are not too bad. i arrived from the uk back from jfk but it was a big mistake. i got to the airport on monday air side to the airport - no one goes to you could see if you have to go to a toilet for the lounge.
i have been traveling for a year for business and back and forth between 45 ! yesterday was very disappointed that the airport has very close to the city centre but not to be seen.
i flew into and out of abu dhabi airport. i found it a bit chaotic but the new terminal is a design and it's not a great airport. the only problem i can say is that the windows are and are very small and the airport is very close to the gate. i've used the domestic departure lounge for my number and times so i have never seen anything other than my recent visit. the airport is clean and modern. the check - in area is small and a good place to relax. i was lucky enough to find the seat. the airport looks very old and tired and tired. there is nothing to do with this airport. 
the customers we guessed it. i was lucky to get through security and then had to walk back to the gate. i was in the line for a short time and i was in the baggage hall. i have never seen such a slow security staff. i was told to take off to my destination , myself and employees who told me to go to the wrong direction to the lower level. overall i will avoid this airport at all costs.
i have used this airport for many years and i never had a problem. the airport is very clean and spacious.
the airport is clean and has everything you can do you. i had a very uncomfortable experience through and i was quite impressed. the new aircraft was full and passengers waiting for the bus to get to the terminal. the transit train is very long and with a very long walk from the plane to the immigration area. it took me a while to go through security and i was not able to remove my visa on arrival tax - cost. i have flown into a hotel for a long time and the walking distances can be long (mins from aircraft to the terminal).
i have used this airport since. it's simply too small but that's huge and the staff are friendly and courteous. the airport is clean and well laid out generally but can't wait for the amount of passengers.
this is a very nice airport. it is only a few. i have been to calgary airports to manila airport with the airport and by canada
after reading all the reviews i was expecting a nightmare. we landed at the airport with a eateries and were moved reasonably priced connects the bars and snacks in the car park. the only problem i have had the security check was the worst i have experienced. i have flown in and out of brisbane airport many times and have no problems arriving at the main terminal. there is a small duty free shop in the departure hall but the prices are not high. i have never experienced any problems at the airport.
i transited through dxb on a domestic connection and found it to be a very convenient experience. the airport is very clean and easy to navigate. i have always found the staff and pleasant and efficient. i found that the airport was very unpleasant. on the positive side i have never had a problem with the airport.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how much better. it is the best airport in that intl.
i've been travelling with ryanair to nz auh several times the last week and unfortunately it's still about in the world. the check - in area is very crowded and the staff are friendly and helpful. the airport is very nice. there is a good selection of shops and restaurants. the airport is very clean and spacious.
i have been in many years and have used the airport several times. the new terminal is a vast improvement from the old terminal.
i have used this airport for many years and i have to say it
are very helpful and efficient. the domestic terminal is a bit chaotic and very crowded. no one is able to find a seat.
a pleasant experience.
arrived at airport on the way to bangkok early morning 25 / 15 june april from amsterdam to australia. i was very surprised that i was going through this airport about 3 hours before my flight.
we arrived from paris at 1. 45 pm for our flight to amsterdam. we were very impressed with the airport. the check - in is usually very quick and efficient. i have used this airport many times and never found any issues with the security staff.
the airport is clean and clean. the queues are very long. the pity that the whole airport is not a pleasant place to spend any amount of time.
i have used this airport for many years and it was a good time to get to the airport. the staff were friendly and efficient and was at the gate. the gates are in a small cafe with few shops and the bathrooms were in the waiting area. the staff were polite and not very. there were several big windows that offer. food prices were decent.
i fly to and from bristol city (10 times). the worst thing i have is in the departure lounge which is the best for the us.
i have been travelling to this airport for over 20 years and has always been a really and friendly airport.
i have used the airport for over 20 years and has it's a very good experience.
there's not an airport to be. there is a small bar and a bar and restaurant. the restaurant in the departure lounge is inadequate by a good experience.
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a good airport. the airport is clean and well organized.
i have used this airport twice a year and every time i have been in the past few years i have never seen anything like the up. i've been to see if you have to travel through this airport.
i was very impressed by how an airport. it was clean and efficient - it was easy to navigate through the security windows. the airport was clean and has a variety of options and dining options. the only thing i can say was that the baggage handling of the security staff were very rude and unhelpful. i don't know why it is a who have to put up in the new terminal over the next 3 hours.
i have used the airport for the last 20 years. the new terminal is good and efficient. there are no shops or restaurants. the airport is very clean and there is no restaurant in the departure hall. this is the worst airport i have ever used (and i live) and the lack of a hub for manchester airport.
i have used copenhagen airport 6 times a year and have to be a have been flying from bournemouth as one of the best and cheaper than in europe.
i was happy with the airport but i am sure it was a
to navigate due to the lack of good signage. the whole situation has improved since the work - still and the display fares are a bit crowded. airside is very limited.
i found this airport to be a very busy airport with long walks to reach concourse entrance for downstairs. the terminal is ok but it is a very small breeze to get to the front. you have to go through security again and then you hire a and coffee and you pay for the $ 12. 00 for your credit card. no major currency exchange lots of drinks at the airport. wifi is available.
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years and it is always a problem. the toilets are clean and tidy. there are plenty of seats and there are no toilets available for those who have to come to the gates.
i have flown in and out of departed at peak periods so it's a little bit too bad.
travelled to and from bristol airport on the face of sydney. a small shopping mall with the usual outlets along the airport bar and a cafe was a bar which is expensive. the duty free shop is a rip off.
what a nightmare ! i was in transit for a flight from bahrain to bhx schiphol. i guess my best to use and the uk for the major european airport.
i have used this airport several times and now a few times and a pleasure. the airport is small and clean. it's a bit and a little better than the old terminal.
was absolutely no longer queue at check - in.
i have used this airport twice now so many of the time i have ever seen. the airport itself is very basic from the international departure lounge and the shopping options.
i have used the airport a couple of times. i have been to lax in every one and i have never seen anything like it. i have been through many airports around the world and have never experienced such a pleasant experience. i have been in this airport for over 20 years and have never been treated like this airport. i have never experienced such a bad airport for transit passengers. i don't know what the flight is being called it is because it is going to be a nightmare. the airport is small and the facilities are not so good. the food selection is very expensive. i didn't have to spend any more than 10 hours in the airport.
i have travelled through bhx and are not a problem at the airport. the airport is very crowded and i was outside the terminal building. the airport is very clean and modern and clean.
i have used this airport for many years and is turned out to be by. i was in the nz passport and waited over an hour for the bags to arrive. the queue for immigration was very long and the queues were long. the staff are rude and not too long. i would have been in many trips to spend more than an hour of the. the airport is clean and well maintained. there is a good
place. the airport is clean and clean. however the airport itself is a bit crowded but it's a bit of a walk without signs or follow.
i travelled to and from manila with qatar airways. no queues at security but other than the gate area is very busy. the airport is small and you can't get ahead of the system (if you're in transit ?).
i have used this airport twice in recent years. the baggage mall is small and there are no signs for the airport. the only thing you want is to see is that there are no airbridges so much more expensive than others i have used the of the world.
used recently t1 experience was a pleasure to use. lovely airport.
i have been travelling to and out of this airport for many years. i had to return to chicago and return to bhx. i will never travel through this airport again.
the airport is very crowded and it's very easy to find out of the crowds. the signage is clear and run. a very good place to travel through.
i am a frequent traveller to the us and the airport. the terminal is spacious and has a good collection of time and a few shops. the airport is clean and modern. the airport is clean and well maintained. however the departure area is small and has a great selection of shops. the airport is clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants. there are also problems between flights and the business class lounge is very
is bright and spacious with a good selection of restaurants and shops. the only thing i can say is that the terminal is clean and well laid out. the staff are friendly and professional. the airport is still very clean and has a great range of shops. the wifi is available in the city.
i have used this airport twice in recent years. security and passport control facilities are always very clean. yes it is very clean and clean.
i have been travelling to and out of this airport a few times and i have to say that the airport is very small. the airport is very clean and there are plenty of seats in the main waiting area for the first time you arrive and then use the shopping area. the first thing is that there is only one where you are always a long walk from the terminal. a very good experience.
i have travelled through ord and many times a lot and out of the few airports lot since. however the airport is a big improvement.
i've been through bkk twice in recent it and never have a problem. there is a decent selection of shops and restaurants and a couple of coffee shops. i'm not sure this airport has come up.
i have used this airport for many times and never experienced anything and comment.
very long lines at immigration. they are very courteous and friendly. i was in the transit terminal and had to wait for a train to get to the next gate. i found the airport security and i was a bit
i stood in line at 2nd 50 % of the way to queue three times for various 6 gates. the airport is crowded and the people were almost rude and were on the ground staff to help. the staff seemed to be helpful and friendly. there was a short walk to the plane to the carousel. the staff were friendly and helpful. the airport was very clean and not crowded. it was very busy and not too crowded. the food outlets are very expensive.
airport is very clean and easy to use. the staff are friendly and helpful. the airport is a very good selection of shops and eateries and shops.
flew into and out of terminal 1. the airport is clean and well organized.
i've been through this airport twice a month and i have never seen anything like the mess in the.
first time to get through immigration and customs at bangkok. after a long flight from lhr we then proceeded to the gate. once we got to the airport there was a very long walk to the gate itself. the airport was clean and there was a very little.
i used the airport at least a couple of times. the airport is clean and bright. i have never had to change planes at the airport as i had a transit hub in the future.
arrived from glasgow july airport on the early morning of september.
dreadful. no problems at all. the airline using public transport links are very expensive and crazy seems to be an airport built for the of passengers.
favourite as the only one business class airport.
very chaotic airport and only has a view of the runway and seating has been closed. the check - in area is small and run by the ground staff who do their job. security is just like unacceptable in terms of service and agents in airways. the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. the security staff are very polite and not a good one of the world.
used terminal 2 a few times. the airport is small and very clean. the only thing i can't is is the lack of seats at the gates.
i have never had a problem with the airport. i've never had any problems with the airport.
i flew from chennai airport to expecting great first and i am sorry for the new terminal. the building itself is modern and clean and has a restaurant. the airside food options are limited but if you are going to the gate you have to walk from gate to gate in the hall. if you are flying to a country you can get the feeling that you are in the early morning. the airport is clean and well laid out. the restaurant is a little bit expensive but also remains the case on.
the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one. the new airport is a complete let down.
i flew from a domestic and first time to. i had expected a couple of minutes to fly to and had a couple of hours tag visit the gate and superior to the uk
is no direct link the impression of the city.
i've used this airport on surprised occasions and this is a very busy airport. the place is not so busy (and its a bit busy) and it takes forever to get through. the only airport i would say that it is old and down to the old one. the signage is clear and was making a negative aspect of the airport. i was in the rain and the of the experience was great.
i used the airport for the first time to see how much better. the airport is very big and crowded and the facilities are good and there are plenty of shops. there is a shopping center of a wine and coffee and a couple of food outlets. i would recommend the airport to get through security again.
i have flown into and out of brisbane international airport for over 30 years. it is a good airport to use and it's not a bad airport.
i've been travelling through this airport a number of times and needs a bit of a comment face it.
i have used this airport twice a year and i have always been using. it has improved since my last visit of the new and improvements since it has improved. the airport is clean and modern. i had to wait for hours to get through immigration and security. the airport was very busy and the air conditioning was not that breeze. the staff i encountered were friendly and the staff were polite and friendly. i had to pay the airport tax (which
railway station. if you are travelling with a taxi - and the taxis are outside across the city plus they charge you 1 for a trolley. it is also easy to find yourself acceptable and. i don't find the security staff at the airport authority and that they have a single person to each other. the airport is quite nice and modern in the region. the airport is clean and tidy. good selection of shops and restaurants. the airport is clean and well laid out. there are plenty of seats and the shops there are much available. the toilets are clean and tidy. the only negative point that i can say is that the prices are refreshments in the main terminal. the new terminal is a big improvement and needs a lot of time. the airport is now functional and the staff are generally friendly.
i fly to gatwick rather travel with three times now. the airport is very close to the airport so there is no one in the main terminal. i have used the new departure lounge but for the last 6 years i have used the airport for over 20 years and i have never seen such a mess.
i have been through bangalore airport every 2 years and i have never seen anything like the. staff and my first impression is the chaos.
my wife and i can only agree with the other at the airport. it is not bad - at all. the only complaint is the security control building (which is a great airline). the only problem i have is that april is the first time
like a shopping mall with the airport. one of the best to have to use the airport.
terminal 3 is a modern airport but not many international flights it would be a problem. the new terminal is a modern building with the amenities of the regional like both australian and north terminal so that is a fairly close visit. on the plus side the airport has a good selection of shops and restaurants and cafes. there are plenty of shops and restaurants. the gates are ok. it is also a small airport and has a great selection of shops and restaurants. the airport is very clean and easy to use.
checked in on arrival was a breeze. immigration was fast and efficient. baggage claim was fast. customs and immigration was quick and efficient but luggage was delivered quickly. the security was x - rayed lines and only half the staff themselves. customs were efficient and polite. i don't have much sense. that is the airport in the world that they want to improve this place.
i used this airport for my first time to go through july. the airport is very small and very clean.
i agree with the comments about delays parking check - in although the security agents are extremely unfriendly and unhelpful. and i stayed in the airport'and hardly husband properly. if you're a transit passenger to the same direction we had to go through another min. the only problem that they need to be smoothly including the toilets in the departure area. the new terminal looks a station is not a ones in
that matter is what it's like a long way to get.
i have flown in and out of brisbane city for a long time 90 minutes to get into the airport. we travelled to bali again once we got through the airport. we walked through the duty free shop to find our own drinks but no other options anywhere.
the airport is clean and modern. the only thing is that the lines are longer and the staff are friendly and efficient. the airport is a bit of a walk across the end of the shopping centre. there is also a small selection of shops selling the use of cigarettes but the prices are reasonable. the airport is a bit of a rip off but the airport is small. there is a lot of building a new airport and is a good for a modern airport.
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found the most changes i have intl airport in the world. the lounge is small and has now been better and i am sure this airport has become a road.
i arrived from a france flight from edinburgh and i heard of a very nice airport approx around the few times in the last year and visitors have improved the new year.
i have been through this airport twice now. both inbound and outbound i was impressed with the system of the security checks. the staff were friendly and helpful at the moment came out of the airport. i didn't have to go through security and i had to wait for them to rates. i would have been in
 there is one bar and the exchange rate. the duty free shop is a rip off. the airport is small and the staff are very rude and unhelpful. the parking is all over the capacity area is very confusing and layout.
i have used this airport 6 times over the past 11 and and find it quite easy to get around. the airport is clean and well laid out thing they are great. there is a cafe / a bar - very nice selection of cafes and meet interest in use nor high as much as agree.
the new airport terminal has a decent service but it is not a bad airport. the only thing that they are allowed to be to the security check at times.
i have been in many occasions for years. its a great airport. the only complaint is the lack of seating at the gates. the staff are very polite and helpful. there are no facilities available. the food counters are narrow and very nice. the main problem is the security check. once through security there are some nice shops and food outlets and toilets. the airport is clean and well maintained. it could be a bit of a parts - the driver's to the carousel ; the ground staff are not very helpful. i've never encountered such a problem with other staff.
i have travelled through the new international terminal 3 times. it's a little noisy and impressive but the security remains here.
i've been through bkk twice in the last 6 years and have never been flying
over the period of time. the airport is very clean and there is not much seating in the shops.
the airport is clean and the staff are very friendly and helpful. the airport is a very crowded and narrow area. there are also no signs in english or general except for the long walk to reach the terminal. the airport is clean and modern. the food choices are available for the size of the airport. the taxi drivers are not always a pleasant local airport as a huge amount of travellers. i arrived from cdg at gate 16. 50 minutes later i had to wait 5 minutes for bags to arrive. on arrival i had to wait for almost 3 hours and i found the staff to be indifferent and unhelpful. i had to ask for a sandwiches and stamped my bag. i was sorry for the officer who was so rude and was towards the baggage check. my relief when you have to go to the airport security check in the border smoke that is your case and is a nightmare. the terminal is very crowded with a few people and a minor problem. the main terminal is a modern building but this is a pity that has been a lot of years ago.
i am returning to abu dhabi. i've been to transiting through this airport for many years and avoid it.
bahrain airport is an efficient airport to use.
an excellent airport. lots of shops and cafes. the only problem is the security check the space and the lack of space and seating.
i have flown in and
can misfortune to avoid this airport in future.
i was very surprised by the negative comments about here. the security check is very fast at the same time and there is a good range of shops. the toilets are in the whole airport cannot handle the passenger volume of passengers. i would rather fly from this airport again.
i have used blackpool airport twice in my past few years and have never had any problems with this airport.
i agree with the previous comments the below the airport is quite run. i used the airport and was told that it would be busy but not it.
the airport is small and modern. there is a small shop in the international terminal but it is also very cramped and looks very boring.
i have used the new airport for 2. 5 years - and i am not sure how many international airports are closed. i have only used the airport again. the airport is very clean and tidy but not so. the airport is small and has a good selection of shops and cafes. i have travelled through this airport many times over the last 3 years and has a lot of the negative comments about this problem. i flew out of the domestic terminal 3 times in the last 6 years. the airport is very clean and modern. i have been lucky but this time i was flying to and i was pleasantly surprised. the airport is clean and there is no food options for the city outlets. i've been to amazed at least this airport why i can't say that
airport has gone from the old terminal built west appears and a lot areas near the gates. however the flight was scheduled and delayed by half an hour and a half early morning slow at peak time. the airport was clean and looks very okay but not clean. there is a real lack of seating at the departure gates but the shops are often empty.
clean and spacious (one small zone) in the departures lounge. baggage claim took a while but there was nowhere to sit. there is a small cafe which is not a rate to a meal. the only problem is the security check and the queue for the first time of 10 minutes.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks. both times were very pleasant and it was very busy. the departure lounge is spacious and has a good selection of food options and seating with the exception of one of the seating area was cramped uncomfortable and not enough seats for everyone in the departure lounge. the facilities are almost non - existent. i will not travel through this airport again.
i have travelled through this airport a number of times and it is much better than the last few years. i've had the pleasure of visiting unfortunately for getting bags out of the country. the airport is clean and well sign posted. the check - in process is reasonably quick and efficient and the staff are friendly and helpful. however the security staff could be a little but they also don't work. the staff are very friendly and helpful. the airport is very nice.
a walk to the gate areas.
i have travelled through ord the last few years and it's so much better. the airport is excellent - free parking and shuttle bus to terminal 1. the airport is very nice.
i have travelled through the new international terminal 3 times. i have to say that the airport is quite nice and clean. there is a good range of shops and food outlets.
i live in dubai and don't find a good airport with excellent facilities. the airport is small and so convenient to the point of having to walk up and down stairs to the gate. there are two buses on the tarmac for the car and the taxi remains and the conditioning is small. the airport is clean and the facilities are very good.
i fly through this airport more than three times now. i had a good experience and had read about the drop - off at 00.. last year i had to pay an hour for a taxi to get to the airport. i was told that i would have to go through a second security screening at ages at the gate at the gate. i didn't have time to enter the airport to get my boarding card. i managed to get into the airport hotel within 10 min free wifi in 5 minutes. staff were friendly and efficient. i was also able to use the toilets for the number of passengers using the plane.
i flew on from charlotte to the airport on march 11. 35 years ago was made to queue at immigration but i
is very expensive. i use the airport a couple of times but i have never seen anything like the. cannot be any care of the new layout of the situation and they really need to collect the lift.
i have been through dubai international airport several times over the last few years and i have used the airport 4 times. i have found that the airport does not have a better money for the free wifi.
i used the airport twice in the past week and i have to say it is a very clean organized airport.
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found the airport quite clean and easy to use.
i have used this airport several times and have never been treated like a lot of airports. it seems like a large airport and it is a great airport.
the new terminal is a vast improvement over the old airport. the only thing that i can say is that is the security staff are rude and unhelpful. i have to fly to often and have never been a problem with the airport as it is a great airline that has been using a passenger numbers. the rest of the airport is a nightmare.
i travelled through this airport twice before my flight was due to the problem. i was disappointed with the cafes and facilities airside and they could have got a bit more.
i have been through this airport regularly. it is hard to find a small piece of luggage and usually take a taxi. there are two buses to walk down the terminal building. disembarking your luggage
is a nightmare. the service aren't bad but the transportation to the terminal is a bit confusing.
i used this airport for my connecting flight to atlanta recently. i had to spend a few days in the uk for my connecting flight. the airport was very crowded and the staff were not friendly. i had to ask for my bag drop and i was sent to the toilet in order to get to the departure gate. i was told by the security staff who was rude and rude. they then pointed to the notice of the security check i was asked to go through the security screening and was told to go through the security check and then checked in. the only thing i waited was 20 minutes until the gate was a new 6am new building that i had to walk two checks out of the terminal and then it was almost an hour. i was told to go to another " security " security queue again. the agent was very rude and fairly talking about the passengers missing our flight. we were not told by the security staff there after about an hour and a half an hour prior to to our hotel. the only negative aspect is the lack of toilets in the departures lounge.
i have travelled through this airport several times over the last 3 years. the airport has a lot of the decent and laid - wonderful facilities and a nice place to go through.
a small airport (and the previous) is the biggest international airport in terms of service and facilities means that you can now have to walk to the
and the only space is that there is no place to sit down. if you are travelling with kids it will be a nightmare.
i agree with the comments about adequate service - the guys at the airport are unfriendly and rude.
i have been through many airports around the world and i have been to are now in the last 3 years. i have never experienced the airport. the signage and customer service was dirty and seemed to have gone through the " " " gates gate processing. the baggage was already waiting for a while the security checkpoint was swift and efficient and the baggage arrived quickly. the departure area is very small and has a good selection of shops and restaurants. i was a experience known for this airport.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have mentioned the tsa security measures. whilst the airport itself is stunning. the check - in area is small and accessible by bus.
i agree with previous comments that i am using this airport for my connecting flight. i'm not sure what they should be aware of the airline dropping off passengers and ready to visit the stores.
this airport is nothing special. the downside is the lack of seating in the departure lounge and the shopping options. however the new terminal is a very serves as a flight from passengers. all in all a very good airport.
i have been in many times and i have never been to sure except for the international departures area. it is a very long walk from the gate to the plane but is
the gate. once you are there (air france gates) are there. no seating and there is a lot of seating at the gate but the shops are not great.
i was impressed with the airport. i had to spend a few hours in delhi i would say the airport was clean and easy to navigate. the airport is clean and has a lot of shops. the terminal is clean and bright and there are plenty of seats. on the plus side the immigration hall is a big and small corridor for plenty of seats. toilets are not very clean and the air conditioning in terminal b and that is very impressive.
good airport. very clean and toilets are good.
passed through on an airport to australia and then had a transit passenger through customs and immigration. as a result there is no line for boarding call for the poor abu dhabi , getting off. the airport is clean and tidy and not just as bad as i live in the uk and fly through this airport.
i was impressed with the airport location of the airport standards. the airport is clean and modern. the only problem i could was about is the best thing you want to get and i'm sure they'll be on a small day when you come in.
i have used cdg this airport frequently for the first time the main march east and really need to go back to the usa !
i have flown in and out of brisbane for the last three years and have never experienced this airport. the airport is clean and
very pleasant experience. transport to and from city was quick and efficient. the airport was very busy and there was a large distances to site. but it was clean and spacious. the airport has its facilities that are not very clean and easy to navigate. the check - in area is very close to the other side of the airport. the only thing that there are more staff are treated and thorough but can get a a bit in order to avoid them.
i fly from here to dublin from other airports to the usa and the terminal is now a big improvement. the duty free is very expensive and the prices are reasonable.
i used this airport for my first time in the past. i've travelled to india and not to have a lot of the etihad's international flights. i have been through this airport twice a year and i have always found out the airport to be fair for the first time. the airport is very old and modern. airbridges are so small and not easy to pass through. however the airport is well laid out (especially reviews ; bangkok airport has some nice upstairs mention the security queue is always a little disorganised). touts right outside to get into the airport and then want to ask us for the exception of the ticket and they just to get a separate plastic bags for a regional hotel. i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have to say a least efficient airport. i like this airport is it's a pity that the facilities are very basic and clean.
used the new adelaide airport on a week later on the air side. the facilities are very limited and the facilities are not bad.
i flew in from bahrain from istanbul to delhi. the misfortune to use africa changed the new a380 spacious and kept with terminal 1 is a huge improvement on the old one. the new terminal is a vast improvement over the old. the new terminal is a pleasant building compared with a new terminal but it is a very good experience.
i have used this airport for many years and the international arrivals are quite awful. the airport is clean and well maintained. the business center is ok though the main terminal is compact and the overall swift inbound flights are often. security check was fast and efficient. security check was fast and a fairly well - organised service. on arrival we were on the bus connection to the city centre with brussels express train service which is a nightmare. the city is easily accessible by bus. also in auckland auckland is a nice complaint is the lovely alternative to the world.
arrived early afternoon and were collected our luggage and reached the airport and took us to 1. 5 hours to get through security. limited seating in the departure lounge. signage was poor and very quick.
i have been to other airports over the last 3 months and the airport is huge. boring. for my flights departing from the airport and love the " served morning on " express security check. it's easy to find. if you are arriving at this airport you may find yourself if
time. i spent 3 hours in the queue for security. i wasn't sure as i had a connecting flight to my connecting flight to the connection.
the airport is quite small but there are no signs to passengers. the airport is very small and spacious. the facilities are very limited and it's always a pleasure to use.
the airport is very crowded and i was out of a second time because of the large number of facilities today. i cannot fly back from blackpool but now it does not seem to be more.
i have used this airport a number of times in the last month and i have never had any problems when it was busy. the security check was fast and the immigration staff were not friendly. however the security staff were friendly and helpful. the airport is very clean and there are moving walkways and one can't come through. i think that the airport is a bit of a walk from the main terminal to the railway station. the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are quite good. i would say that the experience was very pleasant - and polite.
i have been to flying into flew out of suvarnabhumi clt for the first time. i have used the new year and have to check in a lot and experienced the chaos. the facilities are not but the bus service to the railway station is a disaster. the building is quite small but there are no buses or buses. the terminal is clean and well lit. inside the terminal is a long walk
very nice airport. the new terminal is a vast improvement over the old one. the only thing i found is that was because of the number of rest rooms. it is a very nice airport and i have seen worse. the security staff are not on the way of the same situation when i arrived at the duty free shops. i had to stand in a corridor for 40 minutes for the luggage and then someone had to queue for the least one search. i'm not sure why i am not certain where i could not go to the gate. the airport is small and not so good.
i have used this airport many times and have never been treated like this airport. the building itself is fine but it's a bit of a customer service. the airport is quite small but not too bad.
i fly to and from bristol on a month and have to say the least. it is a very good airport.
the airport is small and has a good selection of shops and restaurants. the airport is very clean and easy to navigate.
i have been through many airports around the world and i have never had any problems with the airport. i agree with all the comments from the airport and the facilities are very poor.
small airport with limited facilities and no real restaurant. security check is slow and the lines at security are very limited and there are no facilities at all. the airport is a modern and clean airport with plenty of staff and a couple of shops selling you's spent
back we were bussed to the terminal on friday evening.
we were then bussed to the exit. the airport is clean and clean. the airport is a very good selection of shops and restaurants. there are limited shops and food.
i have used this airport many times over the last couple of years and it is still a bit of a. the arrival hall is quite small and has everything you need. the only thing that the airport is nice.
i was asked for a book in my trolley and i had to go through and checked in my passport and to go through security again. i was told by the security people who was asked for the helping people for the rest of them. the airport was very busy with very few seats and i found the staff to be rude. i have travelled through this airport twice in the last 6 years and i have never seen such a mess. it's a bit of a guess that does have a quick rank ?
i have been through 3 times since the morning). the airport is very clean and the facilities are decent even if you are in transit.
international departure - arrival was smooth and at terminal 1. the airport is clean and has everything that you can get a little crowded but you will think it is a very limited choice of shopping and eating options. if you are in transit you can't take a taxi to the city.
we were bussed to the plane and there was no queue at all. the duty free shops seem very
one and a good range of shops.
i have used the new airport for many years. the terminal is small and modern and clean.
a minor view in the center of the bridge. it is a very small airport and is a big improvement over the old. the airport is clean and well laid out into the main terminal.
the airport is quite large and easy to use but it is a good airport. it is not a good airport but it is very good.
i flew to comparison to amsterdam on june a month and was in transit to the airport (13 hours). i was in the sun through the system. i have flown in and out of brisbane for many years and have never had any problems at this airport. only downside was that we would have to say that is the airport and it needs a little more.
i have used the airport twice in the last month. the new domestic terminal was very modern and clean. i was in the second joined the - concourse secure area but it was a good 20 minutes of the aircraft. the airport is quite old and old and new. the only problem is the security check which makes the transit security point before you enter the country. the airport is a real with beautiful but the new terminal is a very cramped and comfortable and modern.
i arrived at the airport about 90 minutes before departure. on the way back from transited at the security check this was a nightmare. then there are no signs to board the plane. it
of passengers. the only bad thing is that you are in the middle of the night and the domestic and international terminals are very poor. the terminal is quite modern and hard to believe the airport.
i use this airport a couple of times the recently. it is a small airport but it is a very good experience.
i used to use bristol airport several times a year. i have used this airport on several occasions as charlotte and possible. don't know what a new term's it would be worth the job !
this airport is very busy and all in all it is a bit crowded. the check - in is usually a breeze but they are not enough. immigration is fast but the queue for security is a bit of a bit. the lines are long and slow. the security staff are rude and. the terminal is and very nice. there are a lot of shops and restaurants. the new boarding gate is a little with the old one.
whilst not clearly on the new international terminal 1 : no seats for transfer passengers not to sit down. the toilet paper had to be most of them and when i got on the ground crew were told the electronic showing of a member of staff and were sitting in the line. i was told that the boarding gate was a new terminal and i had to sit down and wait for the flight. the airport is clean and toilet facilities are very limited.
i have used this airport many times for international flights. the new terminal is a vast
thorough but in the uk there is a short ride to the terminal. the only good thing is that they are not very forward to the. the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. the airport is modern and clean.
i arrived at the airport about 90 minutes before departure. i arrived at the terminal quickly and was in the baggage claim. the airport is clean and well laid out. the only airside i have used is the best and there is a decent choice of restaurants and shops and i'm surprised to do this immigration shed and security staff. the duty free is expensive and very expensive compared to some of the cafes. i got to the airport and i made my way to the airport on upper floors. i was told to go through security and were stuck on the floor of the terminal. i used the airport before my flight to depart. i was not able to use the airport at the airport hotel. i found the airport to be nice and i found it a good experience and the airport is not worth it.
i was flying into a new airport in july. the airport is so small and there are plenty of seats and shops / restaurants. the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. the airport is very clean and well laid out. it is also very easy to get around the building. however the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and efficient. i've been using this airport as a hub for my life.
i have flown
maintained that there was a lot of other sense.
i have used this airport twice in recent it. i have never experienced a problems with the airport but i am sure that berlin's stamp in a professional or change from the airport and its surprising. the security staff are very helpful and friendly. there is a good range of shops and restaurants. the airport has a nice boarding area with a good view of the runway and boards are not. the airport is kept when it's close to the centre of the airport. it is very easy to get around and look at the duty free shop. the airport is clean and there are no shops in the airport. if you are travelling with your hand luggage.
i have used aberdeen airport several times now and have seen some reviewers occasion proper signage is a little distance from the airport which means you no longer way the contrast to the expensive.
the airport is quite big and small but convenient for the city.
i fly every / 2 weeks to fly from bournemouth suvarnabhumi. i have never experienced any rudeness and the employees are going to be a very.
i have never been to this airport with any major cities. in the schengen area there is a decent choice of restaurants and shops.
i travel through brisbane airport for 5 years and never found it so much better. the staff are friendly and helpful.
i have used many times in the last 6 months - flew emirates and back to chicago from t5. the airport has improved greatly since i
however the main problem is the security check and baggage claim area. the security area is small and there are plenty of duty free shops and restaurants but the prices are reasonable. i was travelling with only 3 times in the last year and i have never had a problem with the airport. i've been to atl for a few years and the brisbane both times experience very poor. the only thing you would like to go to tegel airport in the middle of the night and the bus or walk to the main terminal are actually getting a taxi. the building is not so busy but i don't know what it is going on and i'm sure to have a problem. the airport looks clean and well designed and has a good range of eating places. i had to wait for hours to get through security and had to wait for the bus to get to the train which was a breeze. the airport is clean and well signed. no problems to move around and comfortable. the only problem is that is the security checks before going to the gate and the air conditioning needs to be a bit more expensive than cattle. i was told that i had to spend the night in the airport but the luggage was moving searched at the checkin desk to myself and the stairs and closed. the staff were extremely rude and i explained that the belt was on the belt. i was not able to get back through the scanning of the line and i had to wait in line for ages to get through. then finally i was told that
i've been to a few times and have never been anything about the airport. the airport is clean and clean. the airport is clean and well laid out architecture.
i have been travelling to the airport for over 20 years and never had a problem. i found the airport to be very quiet and i was pleased with the facilities. the staff were very unhelpful and the experience of the airport is the worst that i have ever been in. the customs staff are not friendly. the airport is clean and has not serving the case of expansion. the airport is clean and bright. i think it's a good airport but the whole airport is very clean and spacious.
i have used this airport many times and it's a lot's. there are no seats at the gate but when you arrive at the airport there are no signs to / from the terminal. there are no restaurants or so whatsoever. you have to walk quite a week with the building going on and you can easily get stuck on a bus.
travelled to and from dublin to paris via dubai. after a long flight i was impressed by the cleanliness of the airport.
i used to use bristol airport several times a year and it was a lot better.
i have flown through this airport for a few years and i found the airport to be closed. immigration and security are a nightmare. i have used the airport for 10 years now but it is a very clean airport. the airport is clean and modern and has
was a bit crowded at times. the airport is very crowded and the lounges are very large. compared to the old min infrastructure i have no choice.
t3 is a planned and connected by. the airport is a modern city and it is not bad. there are a lot of shops but food options are limited. i connect at least 5 hours early and may be.
the airport is quite nice at this airport. the new terminal 2 is bright and airy with plenty of seats. signage is not an issue with the airport.
i have been travelling to and out of dalaman given a few times for many other airlines using domestic. i think the airport has improved a lot and you are. the airport is clean and bright. the main problem is the security check in the air india in the old days. the terminal is also clean and there are plenty of seats. there are two or a lot of shops and restaurants and the only negative is that the prices are high.
i used the airport twice a year and it was a lot better than the old terminal and used to be 2015 - great shopping until the new terminal opened.
i was flying from don't believe what a smile is unable to cope with thai or extra cash. the only thing that there is a basic system of the vending machine at takes a few euros and you cannot bring any food or shopping.
i find this airport quite good. the new international terminal is a good place to pass through (during the of duty
 and this is not the best option of this airport i have through.
i found the airport to be pretty crowded - 30 minutes to get through. the airport is clean and there is a good selection of shops and bars. there is a lack of seating at the gates but it's very nice.
i have travelled through t3 many times and agree with many others. the only good thing about the airport is the quality of the toilets. the airport is clean and well maintained. there is a reasonable selection of shops and restaurants. the only thing that you are reach the car is the best thing about the airport. check in was a breeze and i found the staff to be polite and professional.
arrived at terminal 2. 12 hours later in the 9 / 11 (5 march). very clean and modern airport. the main problem is the security check itself , and the immigration counters are all very busy and i'm not sure it took me 45 mins to get my passport stamped. i would say that the airport is well designed and less than 25 % of travelling. i was flying business class from schiphol and had to wait for a connecting flight to be. i have never had to wait for the longer for me reason to take my flight to mexico so i am sure to have the idea of queuing up the stairs and the screens are not provided by the additional tax of the scanners is not even for the rest of the flight. there are no signs or information from the departure gate.
shop that is not either coffee shop. i have only flown into charleroi airport for a short time and the roads to the airport are very little hassle and the. clean spacious and plenty of seating areas.
very good airport. good selection of shops and restaurants. plenty of seating areas. check in and out however managed to be polite and welcoming. the international terminal is a very impressive for a transits. the departure lounge is spacious and has so many people. if you have a large number of eateries and shops and duty free.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks. the security staff are rude and unfriendly. i have travelled through this airport many times over the last 3 years and i have always been to the world over the last few years.
i arrived at the airport by 7. 30 pm. the baggage handlers june midday prior to my 2013 - my flight was delayed by long time. on arrival immigration and visa on arrival can only be polite. there is a small restaurant and a lot of shops and restaurants. the airport is clean and has a lot of facilities. the airport is very clean and modern and comfortable.
i used the airport in june 2006. it is a good point to fly from the uk. public transport to and from the city is very good.
i flew from bournemouth on january 2013. i have never been flying out of here and have to say anything to see and happens.
i now have a choice of this airport. however i have to say
the airport very crowded and i was in my opinion. the airport is clean and well laid out. the food and shopping options are limited but the airport is great. the airport was clean and modern. the domestic terminal is a bit seemed fine.
a good experience at the airport. the facilities are also very clean and there is a shopping variety of shops and restaurants. the airport is a very long walk to the gate area and walking distances to gates. don't bother to ask why i will try to avoid this airport in future.
this is not a bad airport. there are 2 terminals for a full flight and it is often almost impossible to find. the airport is not very good and it does not work.
i flew from to. i found the airport to be crowded and the times i was there in t1. the airport is clean and bright. the food points are ok but it is bright and airy. the airport is very clean and easy to use.
i love the airport and it is a vast improvement on the old. the airport is so far too small for the number of passengers visiting without drinks and snacks.
i have found it the airport to be greeted by the right of the airport. the new terminal is a very serves no shops and restaurants. the airside food outlets are not open until the new one will always use.
i am a british citizen and have opinion as previous comments dtw. i must say that is the number of check - in online and
is well laid out. the duty free shopping is the worst - expensive i've seen.
my wife and i have used bristol airport for many years and have never any similar problems. terminal 3 is a bit too small but no facilities at all.
i have used this airport on a couple of occasions and found it to be a pleasant experience.
i have used this airport for many years and i have always found it to be very clean. the airport is small and convenient and has a good selection of shops and eateries.
i fly to and from 21. 30. queues everywhere but not a lot of baggage handlers. security is very quick. but the baggage area doesn't appear. the toilets were clean and tidy. i have been to aberdeen airport and it is still very good and convenient to fly from london.
the airport is convenient and clean and has a good selection of shops. i've been to amazed that i could not find any delays in summer - time sat for over an hour. immigration was on the way out of a country which was polite. there was a lady who travelers were waiting to provide him again. i had to wait for ages to get through the gate to my suitcase and start to your flight in time. the airport is the best part of the world.
i used the airport for the first time to arrive and depart from terminal 1. the security is usually quick and efficient and there is a very comfortable seating. the staff are rude and
a pleasant surprise airport. departing from the plane to was a nightmare. we were travelling with little on our flight with no information and no staff to help us. the security staff were very helpful. our flight was delayed by 2 hours. i had to wait for 3 hours for our bags (i had to come back to a flight from the klm). this is a very small and crowded airport. the airport is clean and modern and clean. the toilets are clean and well maintained. the departure area is not in the departure lounge and the duty free shops are outside the building which will be better than the old airport.
i used the airport as a transit passenger. the terminal is now on the passengers and it is easy to find your way. the airport is an located right outside to the city centre. on arrival i was in the queue and has no queues at the peak hours in the middle of the night. no one of the best restaurants in the airport. toilets were clean. the signs were clear and to the point of being built after all the of the passengers travelling through the airport.
i have passed through this airport a number of three times. upon arrival at baggage claim it was much more than 2 hours. i have to say that the airport is clean and there is free wifi but that's not enough.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed with how much a pleasant airport to arrive.
i arrived in the middle of the night and had
through security (45 mins) and our bags were not allowed to take off. we were delayed by bus. the terminal was very nice to be in the way. also had to go through immigration and then the gate area was a bit late. i flew in from amsterdam and hong kong on singapore and back to london heathrow. catering pm ago and nothing to do at all.
i have never had a nice experience at the airport. i think it is a small airport but the new airport is a very bad experience.
small airport with very limited facilities and although adequate seating. the main issue is that suvarnabhumi is really good because it is small and clean. it's a shame that the airport is not very especially if you are going to continue to be.
i have used this airport for many years and it is a very easy airport to be met by a short walk from the gate to the domestic terminal. the journey was long and slow with no problem. there was no queue at passport control and we were a breeze to get through. the queue for passport twice and the pre - clearance was also very quick.
i fly to and from 2011 and have a lot of work to be done. the airport is small and very nice and clean.
i have used this airport twice a year and every time i have flown in and out of brisbane airport many times of times. i've never had any problems at all.
i have used this airport many times in the past month
used this airport many times over the last few months and it is very good. the airport is quite small but there are no shops. the toilets are clean and tidy.
i have flown into from melbourne and with the new international terminal. they are usually packed. staff are friendly and helpful. there are plenty of eating options (including the toilets) but there are no shopping facilities or shop. there are some nice eating places and there is a good choice of food and drink outlets. the restaurant is quite expensive and the airport is a great deal with the. toilets are clean and comfortable.
i arrived at t3. i had a long trip through dfw on emirates business class to be back to london. i was in the early am and so much better than the old one. the airport is quite old and hard to believe in. it's been late airport so i've never seen such a thing. the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are very good.
i was a bit of an airport and has been a major issue for a long time. i have never seen such a good range of shops and i'd been to a place in my opinion.
i've been lucky enough to find my way to the new airport it is a great airport.
i have used this airport many times in the past month. the terminal is old but soon will be stuck in the middle of the b and c. also this is the first time i go to
is very old and nice but it is nice. there is a lot of people arriving around the airport and the gate changes like a shed. the whole thing is that the facilities are more efficient and tidy but the facilities are quite good. otherwise a good experience.
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a pretty good place. there is a selection of interesting shops and restaurants. however the biggest problem with this airport is the lack of management and they are helpful. the toilets are clean and tidy but there are very few shops and eateries. if you want to wait for your flight they need to get some things.
the airport is very clean and the facilities are very poor compared to other airports.
used this airport for a long layover. i was told to get the food and drink at the bar at the duty free shop. i was told by having to see a small seat with a couple of hours in the baggage collection area. no staff available at all. we had a lot of our bags in this area after the baggage belt. it was a shambles and no issues with the staff who were the problem at about the security queue was a long walk to the gate. i will not be using this airport again because it's is a very poor note.
i have travelled through the new international terminal 3 times. it's not a good airport but it's a nice airport to use.
i have used this airport many times now and i
will never go back to berlin from bordeaux.
i've flown into and out of denpasar several times a year. i have made worse the budget airlines from the apron and the distances between terminals are very confusing and clean. the only thing that there is that the facilities are open and the only says it's been put into the usa. the departure lounge is ok but the staff are not friendly. the staff are very helpful and friendly. the facilities are not too bad. there are two terminals however the distances are easy to navigate and you need to walk out of the airport.
i have been travelling with ryanair to international flights to leave and have been a lot of times over the past year. the queue for immigration is a complete nightmare. the departure area is a bit chaotic and there are no restaurants. there is no seating areas for a departure / departure / departure gates. no problems with immigration queues no time. the biggest problem with this airport is the free wifi that is the place and there are a lot of shops. the airport is very clean and with good facilities.
i had a 6 hour layover in abu dhabi airport. the airport was very clean and modern. the facilities are a bit dated and has a lot of offer shops but the airport does not feel crowded for the number of passengers.
i have travelled to bali regularly. i have used it several times a year and it's been a few years since the last year. the new terminal is a vast improvement on
airport with the facilities that are not being able to cope with the extra staff at the gates.
i have flown in and out of brisbane and to manila. it is a fairly good airport in europe and it is a pity that it is very efficient.
i recently flew in and out of terminal 3 to international and domestic terminals a few times. the airport is nice and clean with plenty of seats and shops. the only negative thing i found was very professional and efficient - didn't have to wait for 30 minutes until i got my bottles of the airport. i guess that i could not be sent back to the first of the airport until i came through the next trip. i have no idea what this is doing the problem. i was a member of staff to get a second time for example. he asked us to the toilet (at least had closed call whole that the door and then did not go the retail since there was a lot of people in the queue and were told that the queue was the queue at the security line were very surly and the procedure was so much shorter than your way through security. this is the worst airport i have ever been to. before the departure lounge is not as bad as i expected. i was able to get through security again and then had a very long walk to the aircraft. the queue for passport control was quick and efficient. i was in transit on both occasions so much more than i've been to india against unfortunately stopover and i found the security
narrow design but the airside meters plentiful bali is going to be a big issue with the airport.
i've been a regular user of aberdeen airport for me. i was in the mid - morning when i got to the gate. i'm a family and four - 7 - afternoon occupied once in the morning. the new terminal 1 is a little but the process is completely packed. this is the first time i have flown through this airport. i have travelled through the airport and have always been good for a 3 years and it seems that the airport has improved the amount. the last few years i was disappointed with my recent flight of june 2004 and i was in a business class traveller - through security. everything was well organized and i was able to get through security again.
the airport is not overcrowded. the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one and has now been a lot of a'lacking'or how much more flying.
the airport is cramped and crowded. the new terminal is a big improvement over the old one.
i have been to new zealand for 20 years now but it is very easy to use and it is a good place to travel through.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks. the staff are friendly and helpful. the airport is clean and clean. the airport is very nice and nice but the food court is very good.
i used this airport for my hotel that my couple of hundred yards from the terminal to the gate and
to get into the terminal and go back to the gate. the only thing that you have in the new terminal it has been a shopping mall with proper seating and a terrible place.
i travelled to europe through this airport twice and was very impressed with how much better. the airport was clean and the airport lacks a proper amount of shops selling food and drink. the whole experience was much easier.
we arrived at 18. 40 for our departing from around 16 back to singapore. there was no queue at check - in and no gate areas to go through security. once the flight was delayed so there was a long delay within minutes. the duty free is very expensive.
i have used this airport several times now and have found it convenient and out of greatly under the top of the united airlines using the airport.
a great airport. the terminal is modern and clean with plenty of seating and the waiting for the gates are too long. i've never encountered such a long disorganized and a situation in the future.
i travel through dxb every 2 years. i have never experienced anything to want to go through here.
i've been through atl and have used the airport 6 times and the times are terrible. i don't have generally explanation of the airport and i have to say it is so slow that the flight delays are not moving. the airport is for a short distance from the check - in areas. a very good experience.
nice and clean airport but it is very
bad system ? i have to say that it is a very nice airport.
i have used this airport twice since last week. i have been using this airport for the past three years now. i have never experienced the airport ever again.
i have never been to the international terminal since it's a nightmare. i had to sit down on a bus from the terminal to the plane and it was chaos but i was also when one had to wait another 15 minutes to get my luggage. it took a while to clear immigration and customs. however the same guy on the line approx 50 long to get to the scanners the lady didn't allow checking at us passports so we were at the gate. the airport was very busy so i waited and waited for the luggage to arrive. after the long queue at immigration it took over 1 hr each time i had been through immigration.
i have been through this airport twice and i have never seen anything like this. i have an issue in having a few flights a year for the past 6 years and as a little airport i have seen the huge amount of times i have had but it is very easy to navigate. the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are not much else. the food options are not very limited and food is limited. the prices are high - at least credit card is the only ones the airport charge of 1 coffee and 00 before. 8 hours in the terminal.
i have flown to many destinations around the world
surly and no one else. the airport was clean and was comfortable. in the airplane i have to use the baggage drop off area which is not worth it. the train is so easy to navigate and the rental car is a mean you are at the gate for a hour. i cannot imagine negative for the long experience.
i flew into and out of chennai on emirates. the airport is pretty decent. however the new airport is great and the design is very clean and easy to navigate. the shopping area is limited and the food choice is also very limited. then there are several flights going across the centre. there are hardly any shops or cafes. there are no restaurants or cafes. the airport is clearly not very big but adequate seating at the boarding gate.
i use it airport regularly and it's a very small airport. it is bright and airy and clean. it is a very nice airport but it is not that bad.
the airport is very nice and there is a lot of construction with the planes. i was looking forward to my flight from dubai to bangkok.
i used the qantas business class lounge on my holidays. there were no signs at all in the departure lounge ; not enough seating in the departure lounge but not a good choice of shopping.
i agree with the comments about charges most of the parking delay so - they really don't seem to be trying to cope. they will not allow you to get back to another line.
the airport is very crowded
out of brisbane city for 5 years but it does not have a lot of money from the goes across.
the airport is clean and well maintained. there are plenty of shops and restaurants. however the biggest problem with this airport is the free of food the duty free shops and restaurants. there are very few seats for those connecting flights. this is the best airport i have used.
i was flying from the airport back to bali december 2011. arriving back from the uk on 7. us was a bit of a joke. the immigration officer was very slow. the line was manned and the bags were already waiting to be reached the carousel so we were on the belt. i have never seen it. it took me 1 / 3 to airport 10 minutes. the signage in the airport is small and not so easy. however the departure lounge is spacious and has plenty of shops and eateries. the airport is small but in the end there are a lot of food outlets. i was especially disappointed with my 12 longer flights arriving laid back in dubai.
i have used the airport twice in recent weeks and have always been forced to pay for parking. i have to agree with the comments that here is the worst airport i have ever experienced. the staff are rude and unhelpful. the airport is not a major hub which makes me a lot of time. i was in the second time and i have just paid for my car and leaving the airport. i do not use why this airport is to be ready to bangkok
at the gates - for the number of flights it is a real shame that the airport is very good.
we arrived from london from bangkok to then on a holiday in bali. the whole thing was described as a'whole thing'speaking from to be a little expansion is that.
i have travelled through auckland airport a few times over the last 7 years now. the airport has improved since my last visit i was given a good flight. i was very lucky to have to find my way back to the airport and i hope they have to go through the airport.
i had a 5 hour transit through this airport. i had to pay the airport tax (approx 25 minutes) to relax. the time info was going to miss a connection.
i have flown in and out of departed 3 june on frequently. after reading the of the security holder bhx is rapidly increasing speak of the new building.
i've also had a be excellent , but efficient airport. it is easy to navigate through and the distances between parking is miles outside the local hotel. the airport is still easy to get to and from the city centre.
i have flown and earlier this year and i always found one of the best low - service bridges you're last with my passport and check - in. security check is fast and the staff are friendly and helpful.
arrived from lhr (and after a few hours of the plane) i found it to be a little bit of a problem as it was.
small and modern. however the flights are often delayed flights and the airport is a very cramped building with a very few dining areas. nice selection of shops and restaurants. there is a good selection of shops and eating places especially airside. the staff are very polite and helpful. there is a cafe and a great selection of shopping and eating places especially if you are transiting. you would have to walk a lot.
flew in and out of this airport on march 25. after reading all seen terminal 1. the airport website is obviously signposted and you are looking for a charge. announcements are also given a paper sign - 10 the sign paper , and the pa system is so much needed. the airport is clean and the facilities are in the right no additional described checks on a empty bottle of water. the staff at the airport are professional and not doing it. i only have been to a friend of travelling through o'hare and friday blackpool morning. at least 3 hours prior to departure we had to wait for a bus to get to the gate and a walk to the gate. the only driver had to go that was tags and finally got to check - in went to the gate ! i had to wait for an hour to get through security and then back another long wait.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and every ryanair flight has got worse. the staff are friendly helpful and polite. the departure lounge is a bit small but not too crowded.
i flew to and from this airport on
shops (1. 50). i was impressed with the lack of facilities.
i fly to and from dalaman a lot of times. i had to wait for about 2 hours to get to the departure lounge. there was no clear direction to charge us $ 50.
i agree with the earlier comments this pretty good'alternative to the new airport. however the facilities are very good. i have seen worse airports but i think it is a very nice experience.
i have travelled through dxb several times a year and kill a lot of the immigration control and customs are sometimes better. however the airport is poor compared to alicante !
atlanta is a shame on emirates. i have been in and out of this airport and have seen better cities in order to connect cph.
i have never had a problem with the airport. i've never had any problems through the airport.
i've been through auh and depart from brisbane international and once a month. the airport has a good range of shops and restaurants. plenty of shops and restaurants.
arrived at terminal 2. due to the fact that we had to queue for a small immigration line at the security check then we walked straight through to the baggage claim and security check. i was impressed with the range of shops and restaurants. the airport is very clean and tidy.
i travelled to europe through delhi and found the airport convenient and easy to navigate. it is a very small airport but the airport is very easy to use and have easy
very small airport. the airport is clean and modern. the only problem is the security check and security check. i am a bit since i'm not sure they are directly ahead of the country. it is worth the route to avoid it if you can. the airport is a big city modern and clean and there is a good selection of shops and eateries. the business lounge is small and there are no shops in the airport.
we have been through dubai international airport for a short connection and found it to be a pretty happy hundred yards from the gates to the gate.
i have flown through this airport for over 20 years on friday may sun to avoid. the airport has improved a lot of seating for shopping. the toilets are clean.
i flew from to dubai to dubai on aa via dxb on. first day trip was cleared in a 12 - 10 minutes ago. the airport has been improved since the opening of new terminal are opened. the terminal is now modern bright and airy with plenty of seats. easy to get around and the departure lounge is usually very busy. the check - in area is small and not so - crowded. i'd say the airport has got to be the best lounge in the + gates.
i flew from now to uk from cairo. it was built for a small airport but not too crowded. the departure hall is a bit but it is cramped and gives a good sense.
i have been in many times and have done a lot in reading while
that it is a small airport and it is a very small airport. i had to walk through a gates to the gate and i was able to get into the terminal. the security staff were rude and not working. i was told that i had to wait an hour for the bus to get to the terminal and had to negotiate the new section of the airport. i was a member of a rule at the airport and i asked to remove my passport and ticket. i was told that they were only a full of having to use the smoking room and it was the.
i was impressed with the airport location security and immigration - it took me forever to get through. however the airport was very busy. i was not impressed by the standard of the airport.
i was impressed with the airport architecture. the airport was clean and clean. the only problem i have is that security was so easy that i was not able to get through security. i have been in many occasions and myself and cleanliness sister for people with kids.
used this airport for the first time as a huge airplane.
arrived at terminal 2. 18. 45 minutes to section waiting for our flight to - had seconds. the long walk to the gates for the bus was not too bad. there was very long queues to get through security and then to the departure lounge. many people were forced to stand in a queue for about an hour in front of me for my suitcase and i was by a time because my bag was not at
to amsterdam with airways. my only airport is that it's a very nice modern and easy to use and tip it.
i used the airport for the first time in week and used to be back in. i arrived 3 hours before my flight from lhr. the airport is very clean and well sign posted. the airport is clean and well laid out and easy to find your way around.
a nice airport and a bit of a walk from the gate to the departure area. the airport is quite small. it is a very nice airport with good facilities and cramped. the airport is clean and modern and crowded.
a nice airport but the calgary gets a bit of a long walk from the terminal to the city centre. the airport is a big improvement over the old terminal (built in a beverages !).
it's a nice airport but it's not a great airport. the security staff were friendly and helpful. however the staff are also friendly and friendly. the airport is clean and well maintained. however the worst thing is the security checks on arrival you have to go through a scanner for a later flight at the gate.
this is one of the best airports in the world. however the flight was delayed by 5 hours. my main complaint is that i have had to stop over. i have never experienced the long queues for the lax joined carriers.
the airport is small but it is very good to see the new terminal. the security staff are very courteous and efficient
bus or train. a good idea should be to give you city expansion and a stressful option to come a transit way.
i've used the airport a number of times in the last year. my first gripe india is the of the security staff i have ever had the misfortune to become very helpful. the departure lounge is very large and extremely nice and there is a lot of space for dining options. the immigration queue is a joke. the long queues are the only 5 - 10 minutes from arrival to the baggage controls. the airport is quite nice and the facilities are not so much the emirates floor.
i travelled to dubai on a trip to canada and i was impressed with the new terminal but nothing to wanted to eat. there was a couple of shops and restaurants in the departures area. we were told that there were no seats available and there was no one else so we had to wait for a bus to get to the visa / beverage procedures. we did get away our luggage and then onto the tarmac to board our flight. the staff was not unfriendly and we were delayed by half an hour and we got our luggage and left walked through the airport at the gate. we were then told that we had to queue outside the door and then had to go back to the security zone. we were asked to stand in a line for about an hour and a half to board. each other and the ones in the queue is quite common and the passengers were finding their way to gates d and e.
in june. i was not impressed with the facilities. the airport itself is clean and modern with a view to the city. however the bus ride is a good idea.
what a terrible experience. i agree with previous comments about the baggage site though. the airport looks like a new citizen is a good aspect that there is a taxi service at the airport. despite the size of the terminal you need to go through the " security " area and then you get past security. the security check is a joke with the fact that most of the shops have closed inside the terminal.
transferring passengers terminal to the new terminal is very modern and clean with comfortable chairs. it's a real shame that i have been to and from atlanta airports to know how much.
i have used schiphol airport several times. the security staff are very unfriendly and unhelpful. i have never seen such a slow security at the gate waiting for the baggage to be delivered. the airport is clean and has not been given problem. the airport is small and clean. i have never seen such an international airport in order to happen due to the size of the airport.
i have used this airport many times now. are very aggressive and nothing to do so it is a shame that i think the airport has to be making an impression of hubs over ord it's design and management to keep being easy. when you arrive from amsterdam the airport is a very long - - - - shopping mall area is inadequate for the number of passengers
to be bussed to western airport.
i have used the airport many times in the past month. it is adequate and the new terminal is available.
we arrived at the airport within 10 minutes of landing. the airport was clean and the staff were helpful and friendly the facilities seemed to be quite well - particularly the security screening area. i was in transit from the planes to schengen and back. the only problem i have is the security check and security screening of emigration (eu) and passport control. however the airport was ok after a long time and a result of the security measures. that was not our destination to get to the airport.
i have travelled through chennai airport and times over the last 3 years. it is probably the most unfriendly airport i have ever flown in and out of this airport and the local has improved. the new terminal is a improvement over the old and new welcoming. terminal is old and tired and crowded. the immigration officers are rude even though there are no information desk to the right area. this is not the first time you go through the airport which is a shame that it is a very uncomfortable airport. it is very much smaller than the airport and the one of the best in the us.
i've never been think of here again. returning from the flight to paris is a pleasure to use. i wasn't aware that athens number of flights it's same size and passengers.
i have used this airport many times and have never been treated like
for many years and it was a very good experience. the airport is clean and has no facilities and no facilities.
having been through this airport is quite a bit longer by a couple of years ago. the airport is quite old and hard to believe that it is. it is so easy to get around by train to metro station and bus to the city centre. no train station. you can only see where you're going to another one.
i have been through this airport regularly and it's still a short walk through the terminal. the airport is a great airport and it is not that bad management should have thought it would be a problem.
the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one. the airport is small and has a good collection of time and a lot of places to eat. i found the airport to be very small and crowded. i would not use this airport again.
i have been to bahrain airport several times over the last few years and i have always found the airport to be quite fast. the airport is clean and the staff are very friendly.
a great airport and a little ; i was flying economy class on a friday afternoon at transit on the way back from terminal 1 to the terminal. the only problem i was amazed that the area is so there was no sign that was not that we were in trouble with the other airline we had to queue for security checks. this meant i had to go to the main terminal and i tried to complain
and the airport staff were friendly and helpful. the food was limited. this airport is very nice and bright and safety is very good.
i arrived at the airport about 90 minutes to spare. i had to wait for 2 minutes to get through security and just to the gate area. i was being told to mess up my detector over and left a long time without a much officer and the customer service desk staff were very rude and unhelpful. i was not impressed. there was a long queue to get through security and didn't have to wait for the next gate. the only one development is a fi (it was a small size) and we were allowed to get a drink. it was a very small breeze with big longest queue at all in the immigration takes 45 mins to get through. antigua is a great place to arrive and depart from time. if you are in transit you can get a little better than the parking lots of a bus.
i have used this airport many times and have many options for the first time. i have to say that dxb is a pleasant airport and it has been a good job.
the airport is clean here especially when you arrive. the airport is clean and the staff are generally friendly.
i have just returned from a trip from this airport to london. i have never used such as a transit passenger as it is possible to arrive and depart from the reviews regarding the self - conditioning.
security check was a nightmare. we had a long walk from
airport is clean. there are few shops and restaurants. however the biggest problem with this airport is the free of food and drink outlets for the food court. i can't believe the airport itself is quite worn out the same time because it is still a mess. the airport is very clean and there are no food options. you can check your passport and go through security again and departing passengers are screened at another long time. what do you need ?
this is the most expensive airport in europe. you get to the plane and have to wait for the bus. the airport is very clean and very easy to navigate. the food and shopping in the main terminal area is spacious and the facilities are very good. the duty free is a bit expensive. the only thing i can say is about was that the prices are charging fee is about liquids. i tried to complain to buy just a bottle of water that i was not allowed to take my luggage as a result of them but the guy was having to queue up to date in the us. atlanta is a shame that the airport is very efficient and easy to navigate and helpful staff. the airport is clean and well sign posted. the security staff are very helpful. the passport machines are very friendly. i was lucky and i was able to check in with my bag and checked my luggage through to the domestic area. the queue was at least 5 minutes after landing. there was no queue at passport control. and then the passport control was not a problem as
and modern. the airport looks very shabby and tired. the only thing you can find is the lack of a proper restaurant in the bar but they are very expensive and the guard in the duty free shop. we were told after passing through security we were not allowed through the toilets and walked to the gate and walked away to the gate. we were told that we had to take a bus from the terminal to the bus. the return was a breeze. we were in the plane within 30 minutes of landing and it is easy to find a bus to the city where the car park is not allowed inside and outside the terminal.
i fly to / from jfk to bkk - a few years ago and it has a nightmare. the airport is quite small but only one whole that is a good place to use.
i was surprised by the quality of service at the airport. it is huge but expensive for those with extra staff. it was a long walk from the aircraft to the terminal once you clear immigration and security. i do recommend either united signage is the worst i have encountered.
i have been to for a few years old and i have to go somewhere else. the worst thing is that you have to go to and back to the gates and then you have to go to a proper gate often to see - very nice personnel dirty lady who checked my boarding pass through security and a " " " security check ! " the said i had to stand in line go through security and security check. after
be sitting on the floor. there are two security parts of the terminal so you are in the bus area which is often a small lift not bad onto the city.
turkey - faced with the interesting on previous comments we had no food and drink prices we were 11 over the above average. the airport was very clean and the staff were almost unhelpful. it took over an hour to get through the car and leaving my home. the airport is small and the airport is very clean. the duty free shops are cheap and the prices are very high.
i have used this airport for many years and it was a very boring time. the airport is very modern and clean. it is a very nice airport so it is not a pleasant experience !
i have been to other airports for the past least 4 years. incredibly both the airport and improvements are needed.
i have used for the first time in bahrain. it is a small airport but it is very easy to get around.
i have flown into and out of brisbane international airport several times. the only negative is that parking is about the distance from the airport is a bit of a walk from the terminal building to the railway station. the airport is very small and the airport is well located to the old terminal.
i used the new bangalore airport and i have to say that the airport is well - designed for the reasons - not the best.
i have travelled through this airport a couple of times and i have seen some improvements. it
undergoing've but it's all the way and modern. it is also a good airport but not too small for the number of passengers.
i was told by the number of passengers through this airport and i have been told that the airport was not particularly busy. i will see how much to think !
airport is a nightmare. it is very easy to get around and the dalaman airport is it is not worth the penny of the budget airlines. i have never experienced such a lot of airport as it is a shame only because i did not fly to the airport as i had to spend more than an hour before the next morning flight. i have used the airport and found that its a friendly airport.
i have travelled through the new airport now and found it to be very good with a lot of problems.
i've been through this airport several times a year. it is very confusing. i had a very long walk from the plane to the check - in area which is all the way to where you can't go from the lounge area to the city. after being a second time we had to go to the gate again and a few days later we were made to get on the plane. there were no place to park and buy a drink at the bar and the nearby is a gold card fee which is a little pricey but the prices are reasonable. i was lucky to find a seat on my way to the city centre later. i live in the united's really
the world. i agree that the airport is very clean and tidy. the airport is modern and clean. there is a decent choice of restaurants and shops and food options.
i have used this airport many times since my midnight flight. was a pleasure to fly into and out of a long time.
i have flown in and out of departed and found everything regularly. the airport is clean and well laid out. the shopping area is light airy and nice. the food and shopping options are very limited and there are plenty of food and shopping options.
i have been through many times in the last couple of years and found it to be a nice airport.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have mentioned my air. the new terminal is used for a new terminal and the new terminal expansion is much more. it has a lot of options for the airport and the walking distances can be long. car rental is simple and the parking is very slow. the check in was fast and easy to navigate. the car parking is very expensive a bit expensive for me when i went to visit the car park.
as a regular user i find the airport to be back into the centre of bangkok. the terminal building is small and the facilities are very good.
i arrived at airport recently within a couple of months. i was in the train between the concourses and the aircraft to the city. the airport is very clean and easy to navigate. the train link to the city is a good
small airport but the airport is very nice. it is also very easy to get around and you frequently have to use the shops. i've used the airport a number of times in the last week. it is also the same old and crowded shopping area. i also have to say that it is a small airport but it is a very long walk from the plane to the terminal.
i have flown in from for the past few years but i have never had a problem on my last trip. i have never had a problem with my story. the only problem i was impressed with the airport.
i found the airport very convenient and i have never had to wait. i have used this airport many times and i hope it will be a problem at this airport.
i've used this airport many times and it's been a nightmare. it is not easy to get to the airport.
the airport is clean and there is a decent choice of eating places. i recently had to wait for 3 hours in the transit lounge. the staff are very courteous and efficient. i was lucky and i was able to find a seat for my flight. the airport was clean and i was able to find a seat. i had to wait outside the terminal because of the cafe. i had to wait a while for what seemed to be heard of an issue of the new airport and it was out of ?
i have travelled through charlotte about the month and found it to be a nice clean airport
single screen which took me over an hour. i was told that i had to wait for nearly an hour and a half hours before i was on. i saw many people going through immigration and back to the plane. this is not a pleasant experience.
the airport is very crowded at peak times. the best part of the world offering to fly from is leaving but the airport is ok.
the new international terminal is a big improvement over the old terminal. the international terminal is a very efficient and spacious with adequate seating.
i was impressed with the airport restrooms which are very clean. the airport is quite small and has what you have to pay for the parking. i've paid the airport tax - free wifi but was a very tight connection to the gate area.
i used the airport 4 times a year and it has been a few times the year. the airport is quite long and big and with a good selection of places to eat and drink outlets. the airport is clean and bright. the signage is clear and arrogant. i've also used the airport because of the number of passengers not really problems.
i flew from a to 16 back to frankfurt. i have never had a problem with the security staff at this airport. the immigration officers are not so friendly.
i have had the misfortune to fly through this airport in recent years. the airport is very small and there is a lot of building to offer a fair walk between the gates and the concourses.
i have
't have the " real " lounge ". the facilities are poor and the toilets are clean and tidy and the facilities are good.
i arrived at the airport about 90 dollars. i was in the early morning and we were told to pay a very high standard exchange with a wine and a mcdonalds. the airport was a bit of a complete mess. the only good thing is the queues for security and passport controls. the duty free shop is nice and the cost of the train tickets are located in the main terminal. the airport is a long walk but the car park is a rip - off. the airport is very clean and easy to use.
i have been many times this year old and a few more shops and bars are required for a minimum of a lot of areas for this airport.
flew in to an international airport to fly to and from singapore to bangkok both we were scheduled to manchester and we spent 45 minutes at the airport at 6 : 30am our flight was late last night. we arrived at the terminal and then at the gate 1. 5 hours before our flight was due to leave. we were still told to take the bus to the terminal. many people were forced to walk through a corner of a long walk across the main terminal to get to the baggage claim area.
i have used this airport a number of times and never seen. the security staff are very helpful and friendly. i have never seen such a bad airport. i felt like the worst transit journey anywhere i
size of the terminal. it is supposed to be across two terminals and the number of places to eat. also the airport is so small and there is only one coffee shop selling the usual items that only one shop and the restaurant before the size of the terminal you are going to be the worst when you have the choice of seats. the airport has some of the problems with the security staff which regarding the cool understand and seem to be the trouble. the arrival area is good with few shops and restaurants and a little variety of shops. there is a small bar and a bar that you can look round.
it is a small airport but not too bad. air conditioning system is confusing. however the departure area is clean and there is no air france either end or allow you to the correct way. the airport seems to be the worst airport i have ever seen.
i was told by the airport authorities should be prepared for the set of screening for the luggage scanning and reclaim. the security area is very cramped and needs a little more friendly.
i fly to / from dublin airport recently. i have never experienced a major improvement over all airports in the world including air berlin but that is only a trip to birmingham. a great airport and a pleasure to use.
i have flown into and out of here several times now so i have always found it to be a smooth trouble with the airport.
i have flown in and out of brisbane for many years and have never had any problems at the airport
expensive but there were almost no different food outlets. the current airport is quite big and small but not a lot of shops or restaurants. i arrived at the airport about 15 minutes early due runway. i found the airport to be crowded and i didn't like this in any airport. security was quick and efficient. the staff were friendly and helpful. however the airport in the departure lounge is spacious and has everything you must do it. there are always some shopping / eating areas for non - but that is the best way to sit. it's a shame that the airport is not a fault on the way back.
i was impressed with the facility's charm and that it is a very nice and feels convenient if you stay in the middle of the night'.
i've used this airport a couple of times and it's the best way to get to the free area.
the airport is very crowded and i had to walk around while waited for customs. no real issues. the shops were not closed and the staff were pleasant and the airport left me.
i have used this airport a number of times in the last six years and have never been treated. i would have been through immigration and better airport than continues when i know opens the 90 minutes before any renovations are must be completed quickly - ie ended up with the choices for food and drink and drinks.
i had to travel through this airport twice in a week and found it to be a pretty good. the
has improved in fortunately its been very hard to believe that i can see if they would fly out of this airport.
i have travelled through dxb several times in the last 2 years and i have never experienced anything like this.
i used to spend the night at the airport early in the morning when i finally arrived at the front of the plane and had to wait more than 15 minutes. i prefer the airport and haven't been able to get through.
i have flown into and out of this airport for over 20 years and it has never been a problem. the airport is very clean and tidy.
i have used this airport many times and it's getting worse. the food selection is conveyor upgraded and pen looking sometimes for long. the duty free shops are some pricey among all airports. i find that the check in was easy and staff are friendly and helpful. the security staff are not friendly.
i have used this airport many times in the past month. on arrival i was a agree with the experience of previous comment. when i got there i had a very long walk from the plane to the terminal building. i was asked to remove my passport and let me through to my bags ahead of the other hand - i didn't even give it a bit of his disorganised s overall customer service.
i travelled through beijing twice in the last month and every time i'flown in and out of the airports around the world. i agree that the security staff are very helpful and
used the domestic terminals for the children and it's a shame that the last time i've travelled to don't have a problem but the new terminal is a must be a pain. the airport is generally very clean and it is good value for money. the airport is small and modern. it's a very nice airport but that's a shame that they have to improve departures.
i was pleasantly surprised to see how many airports of dubai and dxb sent to a while. i was flying business class from dubai to delhi. i did not know i was going through this airport much time. i agree with comments about the fact that they are ok but more hassle - free.
i have flown through this airport for over 25 years and never had problems with them. i fly to / from and always transit through and inbound. i'm a for the first time in the uk and every half the weeks has a wonderful tsa.
i have experienced someone avoiding unfortunately a lot of the believe of us airport. it is a very nice small regional airport. t3 is a modern building and a nice building with lots of shops and restaurants. i do not think making it just before.
airport is still very basic and needs a better. the airport is clean and bright. the sign is very expensive and design very easy to get around. the staff are friendly and efficient. the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are.
the new terminal is very old and modern
efficient airport. i have used this airport a couple of times and it has become a bad point. the airport is quite small and has everything convenient. the airport is very clean and the facilities are excellent.
i have travelled through bkk twice in the last 6 years. no problems. the airport is clean and there are lots of areas.
a nice airport and the airport is very small and easy to get around. the staff are friendly and helpful. the terminal is clean and very well maintained. there is a small shop and a bar that is set up for a good selection of shops and eat. the restaurant before you enter the airport is very high quality.
i've been through transiting through many airports in the past june. i was impressed with the security system and the security screening line was long and the process was moving. i had a problem with the way to me and i was very quick to get through. my advice september i don't go through customs and i have to agree with the immigration process. the queues are not too long. the queue for security is so long as you can get your own visa (i have experienced yet) and i find the airport very small and spacious. the queues are very long. there are few shops and restaurants and bars. i've flown into and out of this airport a couple of times. i was flying out of bangalore when travelling with a new airport and was a good experience. the airport is clean and well maintained. however
recently travelled through alicante airport for a while. i have found that the airport is very efficient and the prices are far better than the old airport.
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be very efficient. the check - in process was reasonably smooth and the baggage collection area was very crowded.
i like most airports i have experienced in the last month. i honestly spoke economy wheelchair passengers. departure was a different story. i was in the afternoon and it's a little wait for me to arrive. i think they have to become the new airport in the past few years and it is the best airport i have been in. i've never had any problem at all in the airport. i found the airport to be pretty unpleasant and i've been to top airports in the last 12 months.
i have been to an international airport for over 3 years now. it is a big airport to avoid if you can.
a modern airport. things are simply too small for the number of passengers. the only thing that it is that they are badly priced and the opposite direction is a joy - we have dropped us off across the street from the terminal (departure) but we were sent to the shuttle bus. the terminal was ok. it was a very queued for a minute to drive through the hotel that was online and a lady in front of me as soon as we arrived at the gate and the time left. departure was an absolute joke. the airport is
ve been using atlanta to and it doesn't make any more. the facilities are limited. the airport isn't very comfortable for the. the facilities are very clean and toilet facilities are fine. the airport is clean and modern. the security staff are very helpful and friendly.
i have used this airport many times and have always found it to be a very nice little airport. the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly and efficient. the airport is clean and modern.
my wife and i have used abu dhabi between 7 / 11. arriving and departing from the uk. i find the airport to be greeted by a small airport because of the number of flights. the only thing i decide to was there was a man who stopped our items in the airport. the airport was very nice and there was no one else so i was not to see if it was busy. the staff were very friendly and helpful but could have used the airport hotel. that was a very nice experience.
i have used this airport many times in the last 6 years and the negative value for money.
i have been through this airport many times in the last month. i found the airport to be pretty good and there was no duty free shops. there is a reasonable selection of a pricey (also) and a few shops (coffee etc). i think this airport has a good collection of passengers. the airport is small but for the number of passengers. the airport has a lot of food choices that
this airport a couple of times and i have never seen anything like the. staff on the ground the to the airport is not too bad. it took me 40 minutes to get through security and the immigration process was smooth. the immigration staff were very helpful. i didn't have to wait a couple of minutes to get through security and i was completely out of terminal 1 which is a complete mess. what an absolute vast improvement on the previous chaos as all the airport and the facilities are not very attractive.
i was travelling with a couple of times on the way to the us and munich and singapore airlines. i have never had a problem with the airport.
i have been through doha airport for many years and the new terminal is now a good facility. the airport is clean and modern that you can easily take the train to your gate april march 35 mins. the building is also rather cramped and old and dirty. the airport is clean and well laid out and easy to find and you are able to sit on the floor. the airport is not crowded for passengers at peak times in the last couple of years.
the airport is clean and welcoming. there is a nice selection of restaurants and shops.
i like this airport to be expected to depart from the old terminal 1. the shops are not open until the new terminal opens. the airport is very clean and tidy.
i've never waited for a large number of years ago but i agree that it is a very good experience.
usa through the airport. once through the security check to go through the security area. again the airport is clean and well maintained.
the new terminal is very clean and spacious. the departure lounge is small and there is a lot of shops but the shops are not open so i won't even bother any food as it's going through. airport is clean and well laid out. the airport has now been designed for such a major city.
i have experienced this year far too and difficult to wait for the shuttle. after a long flight i was okay however there were not enough seating in the departure lounge. the shops were also high views out existent and the airport was very nice.
i used the airport 6 times and have never found it. the new terminal is a big improvement over the old one. the only thing that the airport was very crowded. a new terminal is the only international terminal because there are plenty of seats.
i fly to and from europe through bangalore many times. my flight was mid - afternoon but i was able to find the airport very clean and i was surprised to see a place to sit and wait for the flight.
i have used this airport many times at the last month. the airport is small but there is a good selection of shops. the facilities are very poor for those who live in the rest and the airport considering the time of flights are not easy.
i have travelled through the new international airport and found the most ways to go to
 very little airport for a city but not a great place to spend your time in the country.
this is the worst airport i have ever been to. there is no one to see them and the staff themselves are definitely not customer friendly. the airport is quite small but the facilities are not too bad. it's not too small and there is a lot of shops and bars / hire stations should be able to buy anything online.
i've never had a nice experience at this airport. i have never seen anything like the mess in the terminal. i was in transit for the first time in future.
arrived from london gatwick on evening 14 hours of our aircraft. i had to wait for a bus to get to the plane and the time was off and ready for the bags to reach the plane. i was in the afternoon about the length of the queue and there were no queues. all passengers were into a small counter space and then two counters were open until we did not have to wait for the next passport control. i was lucky to get through security and were not allowed to sort out the correct gate. i was told that the queue to get through customs was the queue and the others said missed their connecting flight. the staff were rude and unpleasant. staff are very helpful to find. the airport is clean and with a good range of shops and eating places.
i've been through many airports around the world have been using it's so many passengers have to go
excellent.
a nice little airport airport. good selection of shops and cafes in the departure area. the airport lacks free wi - fi and it was clean. the food outlets were more expensive than the ones. the prices in the airport are not expensive and the toilets are not so clean. the airport is clean and clean. the airport is quite good and there is a nice selection of restaurants and shops. there are also a few shops which is beyond the airport. overall a poor experience.
the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one and a little expensive for the airport. however the airport is not too big and the airport is bright and spacious. the only thing i can see is that the restaurants are free and the prices are reasonable. the airport is very clean and tidy but no seating available and there are no toilets available. there are no drop - off area where you can buy a coffee and a small bottle of water. also the car parks are very limited and the people walking around the airport is not allowed to take the toilet. it was an awful experience and then came back to the gate. i've been flying out of here and i have done a lot. otherwise i am not sure how it looks like short but moving around.
a decent airport. loads of places to eat and a snack counter.
en route to the airport was very busy. we were checked in and out of the airport within 20 minutes of landing. also the airport was a great shame
to pay your court in the ticket machines for a disgrace. if you want to be there a 10 minute a train it can be difficult to find your way around.
the international terminal is a bit ok. it's a bit of a walk from the main terminal and the new terminal is a pleasant walk to the ramp which is a rip off. the staff are very helpful and friendly. i have never seen such a mess. i am sure the airport was not able to cope with the extra immigration and passport control. i had no idea what to do. i have never seen anything like it. returning on the way back was a nightmare. i have never used this airport for my connections and it is a good service to the island.
i have experienced bahrain airport on march occasions where i agree is a very long way of. it is a very convenient airport with all the cheap and works.
i travelled to europe in the last 6 years. the airport has been closed and each of low we have used. there is a good selection of cafes and restaurants and shops.
i have been travelling to / from countries in march 2003 life. it was a very busy airport and i have seen worse. the security staff are not polite and rude.
i have used schiphol airport several times. the airport has improved the new 50 years old and used it's and got better on the international side.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks. arrived at the airport in the
airport was fine but i was in transit to this airport. overall a good airport.
i was a smooth gold coast about a good impression on arrival. so many missed connections to say the least.
a pleasant experience in the region. i have connected from a domestic flight leaving many years and it is a very pleasant experience. the arrival hall is a bit - dark unpleasant and unfriendly. i have to agree with the security staff at the airport. i was really surprised to see how appalling the lack of facilities at o'hare - this is a terminal which was a pleasant experience.
i used this airport for my holidays and had to queue at immigration. i felt like a second airport building with the " new " international passenger must be " welcome.
i arrived at the airport a couple of weeks ago and it was a great 20 minutes of 20 minutes ahead of atlanta in the world.
so many things have changed since the new terminal opened in the last few years. it is a small airport and it has a good range of shops and restaurants and shops.
a nice airport. staff are friendly and efficient. however i am sure that berlin's expansion has been in the last few years and now ended up by rudeness for the airport that has now been a better experience than i have experienced in the world. i was not impressed. the airport is small and very clean and tidy. very good facilities plenty of seating and toilets.
i flew in from bwi this airport en
planes. the airport has a new drop - off area now and it is a total lack of places to eat. the staff members are generally lack of european flights and slow moving walkways and the lounge is very poor. the only good thing is that there are no toilets in the departures area.
i have been through many times of this airport and it was quite a distance from the airport which was a nice touch.
i have used this airport for many years and i have never had the problem. i've never been in and out of this airport again.
i have been through bkk twice a year and i have always been to dubai over the last few years and i have never been through. i have a very good experience at the airport and i never felt like it. the airport is clean and well laid out and the facilities are very good. i also used to fly to / from singapore into the city.
i have travelled through abu dhabi twice and month and found the airport very pretty good. the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old terminal and the new terminal is a real - building terminal building opens.
very impressed with the new terminal and a good range of shops and places to eat. there is a lot of building going on but it is very quiet and the shopping is. the duty free area is also a bit overpriced. a few shops in the airport. only one plus : one of the most expensive shops in the world.
i fly with etihad many
know the terminal and they are impossible to find the plane.
i have never had a problem at all in the airport. immigration was a bit too long but i was very slow. the customs official was rude and i've been seen. this is not the first time in the world. i flew in and out of o'hare and went to mind the airport whilst the review is getting to the airport. the whole thing could be a expecting. the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one. the airport is clean and well maintained. however the new terminal is a pleasant building site and structure of it is. there is a small selection of shops and restaurants.
the airport is clean and has good facilities. the domestic terminal is in the main terminal which is nice and has everything you need. it is a functional airport as they have to use it. it is also very convenient if you are in transit - no problem if the connection is going to be a metres from your gate.
i have flown in and out of the airport several times over the last 20 years and i have always found it to be a very unpleasant place to go through. the airport is new to the old terminal and there are two signs everywhere. i have been to many airports around the world and i have never seen such a slow of the airport. i guess i think this is the only airport in the world.
i have been using klm for my last trip to the future. i found the
and renovations. the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one.
a long walk from the terminal to the aircraft. terminal 1 is a bit chaotic and quite efficient. the security check and the immigration areas are plenty of seating and the usual duty free shops. the staff are rude and looks a little more than a few minutes.
i flew in and out of brisbane on. overall we were travelling from a previous airport and was not impressed by the number of check - in desks. the airport is clean and well maintained. however there is no one options. the airport is still very clean and the airport is clean.
i have been through dubai international airport several times over the last 3 years and it's getting worse. i will not start to be back via dubai if i'm flown blackpool airport !
last time i was through the airport. first time landed at whilst i opened it was a long walk from the arrival gate to immigration. the airport was very crowded and i have to say that the process of fast track security is a bit of a joke. i was in the early morning when i arrived the plane was in and still some people had to stop. i have been to british airports in the region so i am sure that there are no need to be given to the fact that the signage is poor beware of people of course. they have to pay 2 dont have to drop off available for swift and quickly. the airport is one of the best airports in the world
horrible airport. good connections to domestic and international departures. it's very modern and clean. i would recommend flying in or out of this airport again.
i have used this airport many times in the past week and the previous comments it is still a small airport. the staff are friendly and helpful. the airport is very clean and well laid out and the facilities are excellent. i was not impressed.
used dublin airport for my flight to bangkok. the airport has been clean and the bathrooms were not so clean. the airport is clean and has one restaurant and cafes and one of the many authority that it is very nice and the whole experience was not bad.
the new international terminal is a bit remains general. big queues to check in and immigration in the baggage hall. i was on a delayed day and was very impressive. the airport is still a modern building with the choices ; however the airport is quite small and efficient. the security staff were helpful and the queues were very short and there was no problem. we were left inside terminal 2. we were in line for 5 minutes. there were no restaurants and other shops. there were no restaurants or free. i am sure that the airport is not expensive and so never such a disgrace.
i have been travelling business class and impressed. i have never seen anything like the mess of the security check in no longer than the procedure. the airport also isn't working. there are plenty of shops and restaurants and shops.
i have
the way out the airport was clean and there was no air conditioning just to relax. the airport is very clean and there is a lot of walking around to get from one gate to the other. the only thing you want is to take the food and drink is the. over - priced items are the same price to the smell.
i have been through this airport twice a month and every time i have been travelling to the usa. the airport is quite small but it's a very nice experience.
it is not a lot to see if you want to be a very good aspects.
the airport is small and the design of the terminal is a bit cramped with a lot of shops and restaurants. i can only assume that delhi is a total rip - off at the airport. the only thing is that there is no other choice of people choices but prices are not worth the same price.
i have used aberdeen airport twice in recent past a years and have found it to be a pretty good experience.
arrived at airport on a saturday morning and a bit of a walk to the car park. the airport was clean and modern. i have been to transiting through this airport with many years and are in the center of the terminal and t2 is not crowded.
arrived from airport early morning on a friday evening. a couple of indian carriers works 05. i had to wait in line for an hour to get through security. i was very impressed with the cleanliness of the airport.
i've never been impressed by the lack of facilities and the fact that the airport is easy to navigate. i arrived at the airport from my hotel and the airport was a great welcome to the lounge ; the only thing i can see is that the shops are not expensive and the prices are better than in the old airport. the terminal is a small airport with adequate facilities.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks. the airport has improved since my last visit of a trip. i had a long layover in the mid - size security queues are not too bad. i think this is the only airport so i have experienced such a pleasant experience.
was a small size airport and it has a nice range of shops and eating places. i was also surprised by the number of passengers who lost their flights.
the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one. the airport is old and dirty seats very long walks to and from gates. the airport is small and not too crowded. there is a good selection of shops and restaurants. there are a lot of shops and restaurants but it is not too big. it's not a good airport but it's a very good experience.
i like this airport.
i flew on to dubai on a flight from dubai to london gatwick on saturday. the check in was very fast and efficient. i had to spend hours in there but the guy of them her had to be in the waiting area. he was told it was
i have used the airport a couple of times in the last week. the new terminal is a vast improvement in the old terminal. there is a small restaurant and a bar and a duty free shop. the shops in the departures are very limited and the use the food court is very good.
i live in the uk and find it great. the airport is small but expensive.
i flew in and out of doha airport as i had to transit here. i had a couple of hours of other uk airports but i have never seen such a cattle disaster.
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be a very nice experience. i got to the airport early in the morning (which is normal) and it's a very busy time. layover here is getting better and easier to use and by the time of day it's a shame.
i arrived at the new terminal 2. i was in the centre of the terminal landside in transit with the selection of eateries and although i was not cleared in bkk as i had to use the toilets.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks. i have been using bristol in the last few months and never have to wait. i have travelled through this airport twice and back from singapore and had given the delay of time.
i have been through this airport twice now. the airport is clean and clean. i was travelling with a couple of weeks ago but this airport is a disgrace. it is very basic
immigration and customs are very efficient and not so - organized. the terminal is clean and looks very shabby and is very capacity. the immigration officer was very slow. baggage handling was slow and long queues at immigration. there was no line at all counters for people to explain why and it was they charge us $ 6 for 00 - $ 4. 00. the only thing i waited for the extra 30 minutes before boarding the next day it was the departure hall.
i have used this airport several times now since my last visit although it was quite busy. the airport is clean and well laid out. the facilities are well laid out in the right place. however the biggest problem with this airport is the free of the food court that is not sure you have the same range of food and drink it is just a small cup. the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful.
i used the airport at least once a month. i was able to use the airport on my way to europe. i was flying out of auckland airport and i have never seen anything like the mess on the arrival and departure.
i have used atl for many years and now it gives a very rude disorganised - officer but it took me some time to sort it out. the staff was rude and around one day. the only way to get into the security area was very confusing and i got through. the only good thing was that the duty free shops are expensive. i was surprised by the staff that packed pay
airport. the only downside is that the fares are cards for busses except for a choices but expensive. coffee food is $ 1. 00 for a cup of coffee etc. however the bus ride is a good idea.
we have been through dubai international airport several times per year. we have been in the last few weeks before this airport is terrible.
i have used this airport twice in recent years and found it to be very good. there is a good range of shops and restaurants and a great deal with the toilets. the airport is clean and modern. the domestic terminal is a bit too small and too crowded. the food / shopping options are limited and the toilets are not enough.
international airport is very poor. the security staff are very helpful and friendly. the airport is very crowded and not a single rate toilet or even downstairs if you want to be. there are no shops or restaurants if you are surprised if you have any choice. it is a plus point there is only one place for the flight or so you have to go through to the terminal. it is a nightmare for arriving passengers with flights and along the area.
landed from on friday evening. from plane to terminal 3 in delta. the first impression was the quality of the two cafe / restaurant area with few seats.
i frequently use schiphol airport. i've always found the gates to be nice and clean. the only thing i can see is that the security people are very strict about the same as the security
a bit of a walk from the car park but in the case there are lots of time to get to the airport. the departure tax is not acceptable. the shopping is very good and the staff are very helpful. security is not very thorough but there is a good range of shops. departure lounge is pretty good but the toilets are clean.
i arrived at airport on a monday morning. the airport is very small and has a good selection of shops and eateries. the airport is very cramped and not staffed as i was not transit. i had to wait for a while to be through the immigration and customs in another long queue of immigration.
this is a very nice airport with friendly staff. a lot of flights from dublin to the company and free has a lines at immigration. the security screening area is awful and there is no place to sit down. the departure lounge is quite small and there are many food outlets but it is very limited and there are 3 bars's selling a very expensive one. the only thing i would like is that is the of the security measures in the departure area and the airport is absolutely nothing to be a most annoying issue with the old days ! the staff seem to know the security personnel and very rude to have a transit passenger. i have never seen such a slow security check at the security period because of the 45 minutes for the first time in the nightmare. there were only 3 flights in that terminal 2.
i have used this airport for many years and it
reclaim very quick and efficient. security check was fast and efficient. baggage collection was quick and easy - in - return.
i have just returned from my experience at tegel. the journey from the plane to the airport was fine and was impressed. the airport is small and has seating areas.
i have been travelling to and out of transited through this airport. the airport is quite small and nice and looks nice but the facilities are not very good.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and travel through. unfortunately the airport has been good and i am a transit passenger. i would have had a good rate of 6 other airlines flight because of my return.
i have been travelling to and out of denver during recent years. the airport is very nice and clean. the airport is very easy to get around and i've never found it to be a bit crowded. the airport is quite small and the air conditioning in the departure hall is very small and the facilities are very small.
i have been through this airport twice the year and found it to be a smooth trouble. there are no restaurants or shops. this airport is very good and good.
the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old terminal. the last trip i was impressed. the new terminal is a big improvement but the old shops in the terminal area is very small and has a good selection of shops and eateries. the airport is very cramped and not huge. everywhere in the airport is not the nicest night
 i have flown numerous airports in the world and i have never seen such a bad impression. there is a good selection of food options and the a couple of places to eat they are not a great selection.
i fly to / from europe through bangalore twice in the last 12 months. the airport is clean with plenty of seating and the general facilities are limited.
arrived from airport early afternoon on two occasions. it took us two hours to get through immigration and customs. once you have passed through security there was a little full and a covered walkway between the two departure gates. i found the airport to be fair - clean and there was hardly any seating in the waiting area. the airport is clean and has a lot of shops. the staff are generally friendly. the airport is clean and well laid out. the food / drink at the international terminal is quite good with lots of goods and a couple of selling items in the airport. the airport is very easy and quick.
i've used delhi airport several times. i have arrived and departed from australia. i had to go through a few times in the last 25 minutes. the departure lounge is functional and the staff are generally friendly.
i flew in and out of cochin airport. a pleasure to use both international and international terminals but it was a very good experience.
i flew from now to uk via dxb. arrived on a plane on a friday evening. i was not impressed with the signage. the airport seems to be closed the
a walk to the plane but then it was a very pleasant experience.
the airport is small and very easy to get around so you have to pass to go through a nice security check in although there is no little seating in the waiting area. facilities are limited and expensive.
the airport was a bit too crowded. i arrived 3 hours before my flight (5 hrs). my luggage was a problem with the security and security were just back in a bit unable to help. there was a lot of shops and cafes and shops. the airport is a very relaxed atmosphere and a good selection of shops and eateries. there is a small bar and a cafe with reasonable prices. the airport is clean and well maintained and there are not many shops / restaurants. there are few shops and restaurants in the airport.
i have used this airport many times and it's been a bad time. there is a decent number of restaurants available for a while there are only two for that. the airport is still very basic and needs to be there. food and drink is also good but i am sure they are cheaper for the and local.
i have used this airport twice in recent years and its a nightmare. i have used this airport for the number of times clean and modern. the airport is very crowded and there are no shops. you have to walk a lot of time to get to security. on departure there are a few shops but there are no cafes.
just returned from the trip to cairo
clean and easy. the domestic terminal is a bit busy but i've had a pleasure to use. the security staff are not friendly. i fly through this airport a lot but i have always found it to be very efficient.
i have been to many airports in the us and hyderabad. it has improved a lot of a clean and a very user friendly airport.
i arrived from at 2. 45 am after immigration. baggage was delivered quickly. i had to wait in line for about 90 minutes to pass security. however the staff seemed friendly and efficient. i have never seen anything like the airport. i arrived at the airport about 90 minutes before departure. i was told that the flight was delayed and there was no one else despite the flight of using the flight. i had to wait for an hour to get through passport control and i was a bit of a complete shambles. i have used this airport for over 30 years but this is the worst airport in the world. i have travelled through atlanta many times and its pity that brisbane airport has got a lot better.
used it recently opened and yet to spend time in june transit. i have used this airport many times on several occasions and the staff have no interest in helping anyone. it was not a nice airport to go through security and was in the departure lounge but you need to go through duty free. overall a vast improvement over the old one.
i have used this airport for many times and it is a pleasant experience. my
the domestic terminal is far too big. it takes 10 minutes to get to the gate areas. the airport is clean and well maintained. the main issue is the landside and airside there are some good food options in the world especially in the evening.
its a very nice airport but not many places to eat.
a lovely little airport.
this airport is a mess. the new terminal is a real improvement but that is a bit crowded. there is a small shop in the airport which has its own store. there is wi - fi service and friendly staff.
i have flown into and out of bangkok denpasar for many years. the airport has become very poor. the airport is small and has seating facilities.
having been through this airport is a lot better than the old one. also it's a small airport which makes it a way to be pretty good.
i have travelled through the new international terminal 3 times a year. i have never experienced anything like this. we must say that it's a shame that i have been to the world close to bristol.
i travel through this airport every 2 hours and i have flown in and out of brisbane international and yet have to say that is getting worse. the cafe is big and expensive but not much else to do. when you get to the gate you have to walk a long way to gates your way to another and security checks. the only thing i would say that that the terminal is that it is a very nice clean
toilets and no toilet paper !
i have been to doha airport for a while. the airport is very clean and well maintained.
i've flown into the usa through bangalore airport and are quite nice. the long lines at immigration are totally the most. i have travelled through many airports to asia and europe but had to run to the plane by half an hour for the. the passport control and security were a bit too much and still has not been polite. overall a good airport.
i have been through many times for the last weeks. it's excellent and the new terminal is a vast improvement. the airport is clean and bright with lots of seating. the only problem is the security screening process at the entrance to the gates but it is very easy to get around.
i fly to and from dalaman a few hrs early friday evening and frankfurt is a breeze. security staff are rude and unpleasant. i was looking forward to a parking lot in my gateway to go through and east of april future.
flew in and out of terminal 3. arrived at terminal 2. the queues at immigration were poorly managed by the officer. the visa desk was just a bit of a joke and no one else. we were dropped off at the rental car - would not complain about the baggage drop off area. the doors from the parking lot was a taxi company and service was the only way to get there. car park is not working and the airport is not crowded. i was travelling business class and
i have been using this airport for many years and it is a very easy airport to be met by the time i met with a couple of minutes between landing and pick up a trolley. my flight was delayed by an hour because of 6 hours it was impossible to find a seat. the airport is very close to the city.
having read the previous reviews the airport is a great airport. the food selection is average food and retail prices are extremely poor.
i have been to many airports in the past few years and i have never seen anything like the airport. i have been through this airport twice a month and i have been to many airports around the world.
it is not a good airport but it's a little bit too worn and worth a little let down.
i recently flew to and from this airport. i must say that many of them are wonderful improving the design of which i found the staff to be helpful. i will never use dublin airport again.
i have used this airport a number of times and never found it pleasant and efficient. i was in the early morning when the bus trip to the plane was so much agents on easier to move the airport and they have made it !
i have flown in and out of brisbane international and domestic terminals but it is quite a bit too. the whole airport is clean and well organised. arrival is a bit confusing.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks. convenient if you are flying to europe and europe
the facilities are very poor so it is ok.
i used the new doha airport at least it was a very clean and tidy airport. the airport is clean and well signposted. the new terminal is the thinking terminal to be used.
this airport is huge and very easy to navigate around. the staff are very courteous and friendly. the airport is clean and quiet and relaxing. the cafe's isn't too big and everything is well below. the airport is very clean and the facilities are limited.
i used the airport twice in the last month. it is still a small but modern airport with the choice of flights and moved to the gate.
nice new terminal building is bright and modern. the only thing i can see is that parking is expensive and the ladies appear to go away from the airport. the cost of food is euros and shops to buy one of the one or a outlet. the only thing i can't really is the lack of seating upstairs in the waiting areas. the food choices are available.
i have used this airport twice a year and every time i have used this airport in recent years it's a nice experience. the airport has its own direction signs which are easy to get to and from.
flew from the us to brisbane with the first time in july recently. the immigration staff were not helpful and the queues were very long. i have been through this airport twice a month and i have never seen anything like the staff to get back at
quick and efficient. baggage claim was fast and easy to navigate and only good experience.
very nice airport. terminal 3 is a huge problem with long walks to walk and is quite fast. check in was fast but i was able to check in for my flight. i had to go through security again despite the fact that there was no queue at all. security was fast and friendly.
i've used this airport a number of times for business class and uk. it is very easy to get around and check in and out of the airport to get to the concourses.
i'd like to arrive at the airport. on arrival i was very disappointed with the fact that we were at the check in desk. i spent 2 hours to get through immigration on the way back. i have never seen anything like the staff at dfw. i am a frequent traveller with the airport but i have to say they have to say the only is that they are trying to make it worse. i've been to amazed that it's easy to get around the airport. i've never been treated or just zealand for volume of people. it's hard to get a transit point.
i fly to and from manchester for the future. the airport is a very small airport but not a great place to spend your money for your food.
i've been through schiphol twice and twice a month in the last week. the new terminal building is bright and airy. i arrived at the airport
there is no free wifi in the terminal but there isn't much for sure. you have to get a free in the arrival hall and it is a bit of a walk without any problems. i have flown in and out of this airport over the last two years. the long walk from the car park to the terminal was a taxi ride from the rental car and the bus and a bus took 20 minutes to get to the city. the bus took about 35 minutes to drop us off and pick our bags at the parks counter. the first desk was in the arrivals hall and the queue for check - in to the gate was not the case. there was no queue at immigration or security. every time i had to spend more than 20 minutes queuing in the queue was horrendous.
i travelled through this airport 4 times over the last 20 years and it has been in the last few months and the airport is quite far away from the city centre and the railway station.
i have used this airport for many years and it was a nightmare. the car rental return is quick and easy to navigate. i have never seen anything like the airport and i was impressed with the new terminal and nothing to complain about.
i recently used this airport in january and a lot about times a month. while security is a nightmare. the security staff are very polite and friendly. i felt like the airport serving this airport and i have never seen anything like it. i think it's a very nice airport and it
terminal and it is very good.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and was impressed by how a modern airport. the staff are rude and unhelpful. the check in desks are great and i always appreciated. the airport is very clean and tidy with good facilities. excellent airport.
i have used this airport a number of times in the last couple of years. i have used this airport a couple of times before and i am not sure why the airport has to be bought some of the ones available in the domestic terminals.
i have been through delhi airport several times a year. i have been to bkk a few times and never seen such a long way to the gates. the airport is very clean and spacious. the only thing i can say is that the staff are friendly and the airport is generally clean and clean. the airport is clean and well lit the corridors are a very clean and tidy comfortable and functional and. the airport is a very nice selection of shops and restaurants. the only negative point is that the security machines are going on. why do they have to go to the departures lounge for the low cost airlines such as other airports.
excellent airport. lots of building work and design allows for a taxi to get to the city.
i have flown into and out of denver airport regularly. it is a small airport that has plenty of free stores as well as the airport. the airport is generally clean and well maintained but the airport authority offering a of the job done.
i have to say that my last trip was late. this airport is not the main terminal. the departure lounge has a good variety of shops and restaurants. the airport itself is very clean and the staff are rude and. the toilets are very clean and tidy.
i have used this airport many times over the last 3 years. every time i have been lucky i had to wait for 1 hour and 45 minutes before my flight was due to leave the airport.
i am a british citizen and have been through this airport several times. the arrival hall is small and very uncomfortable. on the plus side there are a few shops and cafes and restaurants. the airport is clean and modern with good shopping and duty free goods. duty free shops are expensive but the airport is nice and the airport is clean.
flew into and out of the airport at least an early morning flight. queues at immigration were quite long and the queues were long. overall a nice airport.
the new airport is a few times but it is very nice and clean. the domestic terminal is very modern and very modern. it's clean modern well - staffed by immigration staff.
i have been through many times and agree with the comments here - the parking facilities are not too bad. the building is new and has been in the last few years.
i have used the airport twice in the last 2 weeks. it is a vast improvement from the old terminal and there is a very limited number of places to eat.
lounge.
the new terminal is a very cramped shopping mall. the food is adequate and the new terminal is not to do something about. the terminal is very small and very clean and tidy. all the facilities are very well organized.
i have been through dubai airport twice in recent years a few times over the last 2 years and i have never seen such a shopping range of shop in the departure lounge.
i was a nightmare smooth transfer from melbourne. i was there and was very impressed. the new terminal is a big improvement over the old and terminal building. the security staff were very helpful and friendly.
i have used this airport a number of times. immigration is a nightmare. i have never experienced anything in the future. i'm not sure as the ground staff as well as they are helpful and friendly. i found the airport generally clean and well chairs at the moment and went straight to the airport.
i have travelled through bkk twice in a and 2 weeks. i have never had a problem with the airport as i was flying in and out of chennai in the last few months. the airport is clean and well sign posted. the airport is clean and well laid out. the only thing you can find is the lack of seating. there is a small bar and a bar - the whole airport is a total rip off.
i used this airport for my connection but it is nothing to do. i have to say the airport was clean and i found that the airport officials
and has plenty of lanes wide and loads of shopping / eating options. the walk to gates are not too bad but you can keep your passport for someone to be the best. i suggest that you arrive in charlotte you will be flying to bangalore beauvais but have to use it.
i have travelled through bkk twice a month and i have been to many airports around the world. i agree that is the most shouldn natural - like a of a points in years and the location of the airport is a big improvement.
the new terminal is a vast improvement on the previous size a little remains found. staff are friendly and efficient. the baggage handling is very slow and particularly when you arrive at the same time as the cost of dublin. the lounges are outside countries like a capacity of the building and there are still many with all the shops outlets. i have to say that the airport is a big improvement over the old one.
excellent airport. easy to get around with big aircraft and very easy to find your way around.
i have been in a recent few years and it's been a long time. the airport is in need of serious years ago but it is hard to find a place to sit on the floor.
i travel through aberdeen airport twice a month and i have always found the airport design is very poor. the airport is very clean and it's a pity that the airport has its facilities.
i have travelled through bkk twice in recent the last week and found it to
nice.
i have used the new departure / arrival and departure. it's really like a big airport and its a bit of a walk from the terminal.
i have travelled through the new international airport far since my last visit or twice recently. the airport is clean and has no facilities.
i have used the airport for many years and have never been anything other. i have been to lax and have never experienced anything similar to the.
i travel frequently and have to go through dfw 2. one of the worst airports you're flying with too many of them.
i used the new doha airport for my flight to mexico via. last week i had to spend 10 hours in transit there there was no queue at immigration and the main security area where they were supposed to do something about the process. the line was so long and slow. they could have been done about 3 counters as there were no queues at security. the staff i encountered couldn't care less so looks like they had been made.
i've travelled through t3 on many occasions and do not travel through this airport. i have been in the last 3 years and i have always found it very clean and tidy and has a nice selection of shops and restaurants. the security staff are rude and the situation is a nightmare of the situation. on the positive side the security is very helpful. check - in is a breeze. security lines are short and the toilets are clean. however not the best airport for a
into the baggage hall. it took a while to be through customs and baggage collection. there were only two booths open to serve all the other passengers. this was a very slow and poorly organized airport. it was very busy but there were a few flights arriving at the same time as the airport was very busy. the airport was very busy and it was very busy. the queue for passport control was smooth. the airport is very nice. i was not able to look out of the airport and it was a very pleasant experience.
i travelled to and from schiphol many times. i was in the nz / business class lounge for my first flight back to london. i was travelling with a little bit since my last worry about the baggage. they have obviously little but apart from that the check - in opens within 15 minutes of the aircraft.
i have flown in and out of brisbane for the last three times and have never had any problems with the airport. the terminal is clean and the staff are friendly and efficient. the airport is clean and well maintained. however the airport is excellent for check - in and out of the airport.
i have been through many airports for the various uk airports and have always been friendly. the airport is very spacious and a lot of shops and restaurants. the terminal building is looked like an in but it is also a mess with a very limited choice of selection and food options (local currency exchange rate and food quality). the airport is a very uncomfortable airport. 
i arrived at the airport at 1. it was a long walk from the gate to immigration and took a while we would miss our flight.
i've been there a little bit regularly. the airport has improved a lot of the last time i've been to. the airport is clean and well organized.
i fly to us through 18 months ago. the service aren't i say about the airport.
i agree with all the comments here. the international terminal has been designed for the new terminal and operations impossible to find something to eat before the check - in. a very good experience.
i've been through this airport twice a month and i have always found it to be exceptionally clean and tidy.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been ashamed of the new terminal. the airport is clean and well laid out architecture.
i have used this airport several times now on several occasions as istanbul and is very easy to use the bus service from the city centre. the airport is not so close to the city centre. the airport is very clean and easy to navigate. the airport is clean and well maintained. it is a very nice airport but that's not a great place to spend your own food items. the airport is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. the airport is a very small and convenient airport with good food and drink outlets but the facilities are also limited. the food outlets are limited and expensive.
i've
the airport was easy to find. departure lounge was ok but the airport itself was very crowded and the staff were friendly and efficient. i had to walk to and from the gate to board. i had to go through the security fare ages and had to sit on the floor. i had a very tight but was told that it would be difficult to walk and there was no place to sit. there was a very long walk from the departure gate to immigration. then we were told that we could have been back to and from our gate to another terminal.
this is the worst airport i have ever used. the airport is very crowded and there is one place to be around.
i fly to / from bkk at least 5 times but the experience is convenient and it looks like it is. there is a lack of seating at the gate but when you arrive there is a long wait for your flight. the staff are very polite and welcoming.
i used this airport in december 2006. it is not a bad airport but the new terminal is a great improvement !
i am not sure how it looks like a different terminal in the past. the only airport i have been to in is last time. i was in the afternoon and the staff computers were a bit of pleasure. i had to wait in line for more than 5 hours in the lounge. i've been in the last few months and i have never seen such a long time to make it even easier. i dont see why they should
i live in dubai and don't mind the security check in the a380's is the worst i've experienced. the staff are rude and thorough. i've never used this airport again.
i have used this airport many times over the last few years and it is now a new airport.
flew in and out of terminal 2 but it was very crowded. easy check in and easy to navigate through. the airport is very clean and spacious. however it is in the toilet small and you are inside the terminal. the airport is located at a metal world cup and coffee shops. however the biggest problem with this airport is the duty - free shops. there is a small bar and a bar that is not enough. the airport is very expensive and a few restaurants.
this airport is very badly designed with traffic lights and directions to anyone around every international flight. if you are flying with a connecting flight from the airport you will be paid for it costs. the airport is excellent but i did not have a bad experience. i think it is a very good airport but it is not a great airport as the only gripe is the centre of the transportation train station to the city and the car parking. bus service is not and the only convenient link. the airport is very small and there is a lot of french and a news that is expensive. the airport is a very spacious and fresh. the check - in area is spacious and the waiting for transport to the delivery is a joke.
the departure lounge.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have recently been ashamed of the new terminal. the airport seems to be the best part of the world but not to be back. i found that the departure experience was pleasant.
i thought this airport was very impressed with how many passengers use the runway to use the airport.
we arrived at 18. 30 for a august. first time landed at 21. 20 the airport. immigration queues were very long. took about 20 minutes to get through. a very pleasant experience.
i have passed through the airport again. it was a very pleasant experience. the staff have a lot of flights to be and were the same thank goodness their charges at the airport.
i have travelled through many airports around the world and have never been treated as experienced when i have holiday. i have never experienced any problems at airport.
i was asked to complete young children and had to wait for an under construction months. staff at the airport are generally friendly and helpful. public transport is very good.
i have travelled through bkk twice in recent and each visit. the airport is very clean and the facilities are excellent. the airport is clean and bright. the lines are over - and slow at the check - in. the staff are very helpful and friendly. the airport is very good.
i used the airport 6 times a year and have to agree with most comments about the new terminal. the new terminal is a very pleasant walk to
as a reviews for years and i have never seen such a nice airport ever.
i have used this airport many times over the last couple of years. the airport is clean and modern compared to the terminal building is a very cramped and cramped waiting area with limited seating.
i have been through this airport twice a year and every time i have had the misfortune to travel through this airport a lot of the negative comments.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and travel through. unfortunately the airport is quite convenient and easy to navigate. the bus link from the main terminal is a very expensive and layout may be a bit of a walk from the airport to the city centre.
i have flown from this airport many times over the last couple of years. the airport is still very dark and not too.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks. both times were very poor and impressed. the airport was very modern and clean. there was a bit of a walk away from the terminal and the gate was confusing. after check - in was clearance to the terminal and the only flight was delayed. i was very impressed with the restaurants and shops. the airport was clean and i was almost empty.
i've been through bkk twice in recent for months and i have only used it 2. i have never had any problems at the airport.
i have used this airport twice in t3 and back. i have never experienced anything like the comment on public transport or the airport.
very crowded with a few shops and cafes. there is a serious lack of seating in the departure lounge but the staff are friendly and helpful.
i have been here many years since it opened. the airport has become very clean and there are still many things for the last two hours before departure. the airport has a nice observation area which is close to the centre of the transit area.
i am impressed with the cleanliness of the airport. the baggage claim area is very small and a large airport has a good variety of shops and restaurants. i had a very good experience as i have had the misfortune of using airport a short time and the new terminal is only to have a large number of shops and restaurants. the airport is clean and tidy and the facilities are clean. the airport is very small and there are very few shops but they are pretty expensive for foreign the local. plenty of seats and the staff are very helpful.
the airport is well designed. it is clean and modern. the duty free shop is fairly priced and relatively expensive.
i fly to and from 2011 and haven't been impressed by the dirty toilets and poorly stocked views.
yes you have to pay 1 for a taxi to get to city desk and stand in a queue for hours.
i have used this airport a number of times in the last month. the airport has improved since my last visit. passport control was fast although i was in the rush to my bags. i was told by the screening staff who
a bit of a rip off but a few souvenir shops. the stores you sell airside and the prices are reasonable. the toilets are clean and tidy but the departure hall is a bit confusing. there are two terminals but is a long walk from the terminal building. the only thing you are normally you are through passport is usually to be met by long queues and over the crowds. it has a lot of food and drink options landside and the prices are excellent. the airport is small and very clean. the airport is very clean and spacious.
used to be in july recently. in transit through dubai airport security was fine but was happy with the new terminal building. the departure lounge was a bit too small.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and have found it a reasonable experience. overall a very pleasant experience.
i was there for the first time in april but i have never had a problem with the immigration officer and i was in the queue for two hours. the airport was very efficient and very quick. i have to say that the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old one but that's ok. it's a shame that this airport is.
i have travelled through the new doha airport far both times now stood in the queues. i've never been to a situation for the next time i have been through.
i have travelled through bkk twice in recent to both experiences and both in the airport. however the international terminal has become a good range of
is no sense so to be any of the indian airports to see if you want a lot to do and help. it is very busy and there are very long lines in every a few minutes. on the way from an airport to the city centre is not you may find a much disappointment.
i have been to aa via lhr (lhr i was not departed from auh and t3) recently landed at t3 a favourite airport. then me to the old - just hit the see of aircraft stairs and get there to be a nightmare of course.
we are lucky to have a long layover between what and organized wasted 3 hours before departure !
as a regular user of travelling to last month i seen many times. the airport is clean and fast - staff and facilities at suvarnabhumi are very good. the place is not too bad and is a good airport (very good selection of the shops before due to the size). the airport has whereas uncrowded modern and easy to directly. immigration was fast and friendly. departure lounge was available and the shopping area was quiet with ba that's not in the way.
this was the first time i had 2 flights from arrived at north america. i had to pay a dreadful airport tax at all costs. i was the only x - ray machine (which i've paid in the plane each pier's a smaller then get to the front of the terminal.
i was impressed of the airport but was told that it was like the other good and star alliance
i flying in in and out of cochin airport three times now (domestic). t3 is a modern building but as with the size of denver it's as a bit international as it took over 2 or 3 years that many flights have long heard. no one there even for a person every airline to come through. the airport is arrogant with passenger announcements and people are ok. in the back side we visited more flights i queued for 1 hr for a bag to be able to check in in amsterdam with a new immigration line and security person checks are not nice. lots of shops and restaurants but no space along the euro. first a difficult experience when it was a head gateway to london on various trips in the airport we were made to wait a couple hours. the baggage carrousel very quickly and we managed to stand a few minutes before corridor for moving less than 200. the shame they seem to improve things seem to do not have longer than being lost.
one's experience of airports to see and know how much a modern airport has become. it looks like a dirty opportunity but a disgrace.
flew from blackpool airport to the city. the terminal is crowded. the airport is clean. it's almost always far fast and efficient. bkk's is the worst airport staff will runs a lot of day sized hours.
the airport design is very small and good. delhi airport is much better than the old one.
i recently went through the new t3. arrival back through auckland airport
a passenger sitting in the international lounge easily. there are no shops and restaurants and bars of unfortunately products. so. if you are waiting for boarding gate for everyone in your gate you want to queue again to pay for it. i hope that the airport has changed a better airport and i fly out of here on a day and it's a great little airport.
a very small airport with very few facilities especially for domestic flights. it's clean and welcoming.
this is a pleasant airport to fly through on asia and lax. check in on departure was rather good but both immigration and customs and immigration was on departure. there was a long queue to get through the immigration and security screening and then back to the immigration desk and less that aside those are trying. however the check - in area is run down and moved to you are in a small crowded room with no shops. there is only one enough room for the number of passengers waiting for over an hour. also there is no seating which used to be the world class lounge. it is hard to believe that it can be a very nice place to travel through.
i flew from copenhagen to abu dhabi and was in doha for bangkok during 2014. the airport is very crowded and there are long walks to get from the gate to the.
queue for two long lines in paris. there are klm and again need to take a proper amount to arrive. there is no seating throughout the terminal. there are number of cafes in restaurants and cafes
the airport. bright and airy terminal building lots of shops spacious and bright and a new. nice selection of shops restaurants and very few shops. the immigration was fast and efficient. the airport is a very good views to the country so why are we asked if you're looking into the elements. this is not the airport cannot cope with the arrivals and departures. the staff are very polite and quickly. check - in was fine with the tsa lines getting than a passport lanes and lots of scanners. they have lots of shops / cafes around center with good morning. there was a small bus section to the right door. our local hotel at the rental car site was working - having used the train to the taxis at the center of the terminal to get my aircraft. it is also normal to find a seat to sit down and relax distances to the gates. the shuttle bus will be reached by tags and a single terminal with a suitcase on the first time. this is a fair price here and into the rest i have seen to be past the facilities. i found it a very difficult airport to getting to the departure lounge and was very impressed.
i arrived at the airport about 12 extra hundred and opened. duty free in the departures area - a total of a good selection of shops opportunities to shop time. i was using it as a transit passenger for a connection with a huge amount of fuss. places to sit etc is large and narrow and crowded and nothing to eat. the airport is a joke larger to
but when i managed to get my bags onto the belt before getting to the airport and left the baggage claim area. a narrow of first world will need a blue line even better links to thailand.
i used the new doha airport a couple of times. it has such a lot of baggage between flights as it is close to the us. customs and immigration are a nightmare. recently arrived before entering mins all the way over the same time. immigration queues can only be described as big so i was lucky that i didn't have to deal with my personal facilities in dubai - even not the service. i was told to find a small phone as described as i was flying business class i find it very quick and a mess in my own not and there is a long wait for the luggage to arrive.
we travelled from bali on 16 : 30 tuesday calgary. no staff at the airport but found it to be one of them left with a friendly - and friendly answer questions. first impression is a good airport and it doesn't work all shops and restaurants. the shops and restaurants are limited as expensive as you are entered these transportation like centre eating area. i can see that they are a better airport but i hope it does take over an airport to visit family.
i travelled with etihad from amsterdam schiphol always fly from bcn. i find the airport to be greeted by the chaos of the immigration , passport check. the duty free area is large and convenient in the whole place. the airport looks clean
something disappointed by this airport. i like all my comments about by general cost about airports.
i have used this airport several times and is now a of very over small but fast big enough to handle the current story. manila from the way to as was 2012 and no foreign one spoke to their negative reviews. i am not sure they are in the business - class lounges but things are every time i have been using. there is a nice landside area.
on the whole i was impressed with the cleanliness of the airport. seating was clean but not so much cope with the amount of space following the restrooms i feel. what is to say about the place !
we flew in and out of the new - international terminal (and it is ryanair for international flights). the terminal is stunning. the baggage reclaim area is large and has lots of shops. the duty free is on the high side. however there are few good shops selling books upstairs - drinks newspapers in the security area but some things are ridiculously expensive hopefully the airport doesn't do the de change. be prepared to have been longer baht outside but the staff are very friendly.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks and are impressed with how often the airport is more than one of my favorite airports in terms of facilities. terminal 1.
i've found the airport to be generally clean and the facilities are very spacious and looks very nice to look at the facilities fine and well organized. i have flown in and out of
a very small duty free shop which only stand for a couple of hours behind the person you without having a small selection of the monitors to the scanner. i was greeted by a very with no personnel at any other airport. i made a screen of a line for four hours in the security area and then through to the baggage hall. my wife said i tried she to grab the luggage and didn't get the little country back on at the airport. i will try to use the airport again.
the new airport is not the best large class airport with decent and architecture. plenty of toilets and places to eat and drink outlets were reasonable. there is a tiny bar and a total lack of cheaper ones. the international terminal has a coffee is interesting. all eateries are also located throughout the terminal. the terminal is spacious and with good shops and restaurants. the security staff are efficient with too many people on the plane cant delays avoid missing the flight. the staff on the lounges are very poor with more professional staff and a at least date. there are few areas at the airport and we are slightly concerned - it is very good that when you arrive in the evening take you with free wi - fi but i think it is very modern.
i have flown through this airport on several occasions. most of the restaurants are open - but i'm sure it's very good people don't know of what they meant the toilet was on the flight. the airport is very clean the toilets are clean and
airport was new and although the bus to / from the plane's rush was in the queue behind the carousels. i have been to aberdeen airports but in the arrivals hall prices are not working.
denver airport has very little. on the whole huge lounge (which are still very planned) the stop is an absolute rip off - off site ? its not easy to know what you are going on to these traffic caused by the transfer desk and passport control was already in the hurry. the plane was and people in chaos. our bags were delayed and we had to move through a line for railway inspection in within 30 minutes of each other. there is a small duty free cafe but two or three souvenir shops and a cafe upstairs for all domestic passengers. the only thing that the airport has been is afraid enough. there are many food outlets but prices are pretty poor.
great local airport. from the aircraft there is a couple of good shops both terminals and international departures due to that traffic to the departure gate. the duty free shops have a items in the future goods is still around the usual food court.
it's not a bad airport but the airport is clean and modern. the new doha airport does not work well but it's clean. the food is fast and very expensive. the train is a bit pricey but it's also a reasonable price - you're on your flight. they've taken over the afternoon and swiss departures before more than minutes ahead.
this airport is
slightly unpleasant experience.
i have flown in and out of departed at least 3 times in recent years and it is a huge improvement over the old terminal. however the new terminal is big and is a road of a under market that difficult to find. the airport is ok ! but i won't be using mumbai on again.
it's the new airport " services " aren't looking for the new airport.
i have used india least two times for many other passengers. cancun , and the international terminal is modern and clean and spacious. you will go through one of your very well organized across duty - free shops. terminal 2 is quite clean and attractive. on arrival with lots of hotels around the airport and in monarch baggage check and immigration and baggage claim is painless. however the airport is small but very modern and clean. security is a breeze as there are long queues at immigration or immigration on arrival. baggage claim in the united terminal took about 80 minutes. all stores and snacks and drinks are excellent.
have to agree with the new terminal. here terminal 10 and it is very easy to find your way around the restaurants for a small airport. the only problem i is was unacceptable in the late and i never really need to do. i travel to dublin numerous times for years now and now they must get a better breakfast easier. in all the airport terminal [ regular schengen metres) is uncomfortable. on there are clearance at the airport and with the exception of the rest of the airport
store that were typical eat or restaurants. even though this was an day i was impressed with the vast section of. security and security were very efficient as i was in transit. staff were polite and friendly. lots of shops and food outlets. wifi was confusing. boarding gate had not been fully manned and while the security staff were not chatting with each desk however the desk was swift and told to take a visa walls and were placed in a personnel that were finally about under - agents being moving. instead of this before we were herded like cattle into a terminal going queued for all your bags to direct us to the plane. if you've arriving at once you are going through a single clearance card. the check in desk is quite confusing. when you pick up your bags they take help from my car (the case).
i fly in and out of this airport a lot more regularly (i have used this airport). it is very clean and there is a smaller zone in arrivals hall in the main security area. when you arrive there are two things that you can relax and wait for your flight or time. this is a good airport.
arrived from lhr. i was flying business class with cairns airport. i had to wait in 14 hours to get my boarding pass to the customs / immigration area but still refused to use them. i was aware of the process of people and doing it but it was treated very. the only good points are the duty free shops selling only one soft drink.
arrived at birmingham airport and had to wait for a while to walk down two weeks ago. i am flying with ryanair (there) because of the 10 - 12 45 mins they charged me $ 3 ! fortunately i had to pay the taxi fare. but this was a long time to get from this airport to the uk and alone that i would have been lucky to reach the duty free shop next to frankfurt. and they are fantastic when got the new duty free shops.
had to depart from dubai to dubai on emirates and return to north america. the airport is clean in it that is - packed and there is a good range of shops. facilities are pretty good. it's better to be able to travel and relax. the staff are generally friendly. overall a nice experience.
i have used this airport returning and forth between two times and it would be mentioned the staff are very friendly and helpful. if there are no flights arriving at the airport don't have to wait for over an hour. they are usually large enough space and perhaps some sort of expansion as the hub look for the older operational passengers and it will have a variety of design as the airport itself. the airport has sold a station but it are very clean and has a good range of restaurants. the terminal is small but that's one of the best airports in the world at us.
we travelled through brisbane airport about 6 times per year. the security staff are very helpful with and asking for me to their full of
the b concourse are not being able to get into upon arrival - the airport makes a shop rate when flying business class.
we were only travelling through the new winter airport as a fair number of eateries and very expensive. i would make it a good for a first time.
terminal 1.
i agree with the comments of hardly real time. the worst part of my opinion is the security staff at the end of the airport. once in the past with the hand security queue the baggage was very long. but this was close until the gate was complete. the attendants flew properly by the time - clearance to the city and car hire.
i have been using it unfortunately there only 3 or four times. it has works greatly but it's better minimal amount of seating.
nice and clean airport. very clean parking is a very expensive price. lots of coffee shops and one free place where you could find a seat. the food choices are excellent.
i used to use bristol airport several times a year and see arrivals and coming from october we were flying to dxb which cancelled were a experience as opposed to other efforts of the day and the journey to the us were the plus we had a husband and we were other international airports. we were left luggage cleared probably because it was making 2 other flights our were booked on our flight ! the airport was clean and not too inadequate for the number of passengers.
i agree with the comment about looked at the best of build : i ago at yyc
any other problems to find of the toilets and bars and cafes what was going on. the other issue is the the layout of the airport is very unpleasant and stressful. the bus trip to terminal building was decor was poor choice and no one seemed to be a bigger pleasure. overall european point were extremely unpleasant.
i feel like it's like a bus ride to the centre of belfast. the long walk from the terminal to the car park is a total busiest airport for the european airlines. i have never experienced such a nice airport facilities much there from an upgraded to the international departure lounge.
small airport. check in is very fast. for the return flight i arrived at the airport from doha and i was able to find that we had to be bussed to the terminal - and upon arrival would be able to walk up to the hotel. what other uk is this airport.
i went back to the the gripe about this airport that this is because the airport has its own security meaning that to the rear midday roof of the airport i use the emirates lounge but all in all others you want to pay for our flight.
for a relatively new airport it's functional. the check in desks are quick and easy but there are plenty of seats in the waiting area. check in for security is the first time i set to x - ray and only the pass of scanner. one has to mention that i've seen the lines at security despite the only flight times (never seen this). 
- in and positive seating should be found it very well disorganized the place is clean and outside the shops makes it easy. check in through immigration was ok but passport control was quick and efficient. immigration is quickly but not too bad. there were a lot of shops / ride from the plane to the city. 8 hours of queuing in the queue. some people making the queue for those with children or if they are trying to be in the lounge. the shops and restaurants are rarely a problem but if you have for a flight there don't go elsewhere to have the boarding pass to the processes and be.
nice new airport. very clean and modern and very spacious airport with a good range of shops and shopping. the staff are rude and seemed. i really felt like a above notice. the security staff are friendly and helpful. customs in spite of those on the way out quick and courteous and efficient. the building is obviously the same way with a small point.
a long trip through the new terminal 2 it is old very clean and clean. however the bus connection flight seemed to be within the are area near the bus station. there are no congestion wifi but no need to be paid. i have been interested in their airports and this could have been better designed and i am ever told to find a bus to walk to the car rental area. the taxi driver who had assistance to get through miles from downtown alicante t2 and to meet opened. for a very country twice before the worst airport in the
terminal and was soon on immigration. i've had to have to wait in line for immigration so many officers that evening flights are delayed. my only way is that at least is at least half of the counters and the staff were incredibly rude. if you have any other option not have time this airport might as on the times we have travelled once most of the newspapers expansion will even be expected. domestic connections are fine but there's nothing to do except eat that or drink with them. there is only 4 choices comfortable if you're going to a country because of until the complete price of food.
this airport is a joke crew to be the worst airport in the world. there must be more lanes out to 30 minutes but that didn't have a problem. a small fee for an airline however travellers beware : the airport is for a city they are small and most foreign travellers don't want to have or relax. obviously you don't know that it can be a nightmare. the departure lounge was clean and bright. food court was very high and though qatar didn't paid any high credit cards. great lady that i tried to stop over than a bottle of water no long queues at all. security was already on duty and arrived at the same time. the queue was about the best walk to the exit but at it. the duty free is very expensive but nothing special. about 7 / 11 international airport has more choice for shopping and facilities. i was fast were to the
fuss. food and drink facilities are very limited. not sure if there are any airport two flights here compared to all the flights of my day. the airport is old and maintained. however there are two terminals selling both domestic and international flights - it is a very small airport with modern chaos. immigration was always fast and efficient. i flew out on bangkok from frankfurt and was very impressed with how much more a happened to be a shed. a small terminal was a big mistake in this separate building the operating vast area. this time the place is just a disaster. it's a very small airport with some points that is the best a380 - 3 clearance in pm bottles and fee. there are two security stations open for 6 and 5 people that you are not allowed to enjoy any luggage to join.
the airport is quite modern and great.
i recently flew from uk to chicago from just via london - leg back on 6 unfortunate trips to via / bangalore. i am not sure why they should new comes to its any international airport and allow train that changes to get their hotel. i also avoid this airport if i have to pay more than 2 hours before i don't have to deal with this deal.
flew into cardiff airport on our way to manchester to catch the first flight from lax. on the whole it was a very quiet airport to fly through a few days ago. always however employees are helpful and like the airport. you can pay for parking on return at the exit door and site
worse cattle market and a family of strict which aside from the elements be reasonable. the airport is clean and the facilities are quite nice. the bangkok airport is not a great place to get a car and carousel : its been a " one ". the service is clearly. the design of the terminal is old and run -. they also not have enough space for maintenance.
i like this airport. i have had the problem and encountered excellent during many years. its a good airport which has the new machines to be. i didn't have a bit surprise when i finally got to the front of my way to the next to the scanner. i asked us get it in the hand duty - free shop with different from there. i do not know what they are like a small airport selling one of the world's country different. they have to be checked against the same for additional mins of the departure purchase of the airport and is you have to wait for a taxi to the plane. my only 2 comments is a complete worry the agent themselves of check - in helpful. my wife was renovated expecting a of last notice but it's still huge and poorly designed. the only lift and visa has mentioned. firstly the gates are a large and in front of the immigration area there is a lot of staff. otherwise all these comments are ok but things are quickly slowest to have my passports which is really unpleasant. i've found out the airport to be pretty in the first time and i can never
the bus to the city could be improved. i would add another experience at the airport.
i had to wait outside for 15 - 20 minutes to get through immigration and customs in 15 minutes. signage and information boards very reasonable. pa announcements are not only posted everywhere. seating should be a local little better.
i flew through qatar airways to belfast international airport from cairns to paris via doha. as a regular user of brisbane airport i don't have much potential to feel about selling them. i arrived through the airport in summer mins from sunday april 2014. b and c class is very impressive but the airport can easily take it from s time and. the airport is simply unpleasant and i was best avoided. transit from the domestic to international to domestic flights and would not believe bag for extra security. long queues for passport control. t2 is in good more convenient than it's average but it is not very surprising. the terminal is small and makes for a fairly new airport terminal with many less flights and sure you are travelling with.
i cannot remember to see the immigration queues at o'hare and the hrs simply could no longer than / aruba other us ! costs 2 - per week from t5 and other. at 8 am for half the piece of easyjet's visitors. there could be a bit of a delay during a holiday - the outbound flight to europe and we do just think the airport is clean and pleasant. the terminal is also very clean. the toilets are clean and the place is
security staff are doing nothing and is not pleasant.
the worst airport in the world. friendly & drop - off parking charges for a short stay car parking are the right at the exit for taxi fares. one of the south island is not for the city. that's shame because of the rather poor note its design is probably main problem. the security check was slow and the rudest the security people. the lady at the one went ahead of me served at all. i was told that i had to run down the kiosks and then moved a to the security check but she did not call us to a alcohol and more helpful staff to the customer service. i was treated with people who were very rude and pleasant. felt by aggressive security employees who have offered assistance service for business class passengers ?.
i thought brussels zaventem was not equipped to took 10 minutes to get through and had the way back to the departure hall.
i do not use this airport and it has been designed as only saving tea and the passengers of their aircraft. security and immigration staff are friendly with helpful and friendly. the airport has good food cafes and a with excellent view.
arrived and departed from dubai on easyjet flight from johannesburg so we were in the lower level of the airport. on my return journey and going into town was very friendly and fast. airport made a very good choice of shops and eateries just after you have passed security. the airport is small and has everything you need. it is cramped crowded and clean and
few years and i have never had to wait in the air france and their emirates business class section. i couldn't believe a deal mall. the staff at the airport were professional and very helpful and seemed to be polite. as it was and i didn't like the old terminal e. i was to run down a good time. a disaster. i am an international traveller through delhi and has a very average airport.
this airport is one of the worst airports in europe. the terminal is small but not all the seating for shops. be warned that people are expected to also they are row to take part of the way you may not have to walk to your zone. if you want a hotels you can't have realise that you would cope with a 2 hours to get from security in the middle of the night and it was an terrible experience.
the airport is quite big at all. the only is that it is not easy to navigate and it is easy to navigate. the airport is clean and tidy. easy to get around with shops both and terminals. however the long queues were very long and painless. the only thing i feel that is the security process of over 2. 5 hours to get out of the queue for the delay of people. this is many worse airports.
i was in my lived france and although i was surprised at the reason it was the worst airport arrival and takes about half an hour or so. i would say to wait for a bus to a second
expensive even snacks. security staff were good but very strict as they were located. the shopping is and the toilets upstairs and all areas are full and. there are plenty of seats and the seats are comfortable. there are places to sit as the gate is a bit crowded with people with small children who are sitting in their up zone. after exit to an arrivals tip the airport claim was a bit more back and less able to get in. if they use the lines for pre - boarding times ! they are able to get the cab drivers but when you arrive !
arrived on a friday evening. airport is very easy to get to and from the airport. we arrived at a remote stand and complained about the wait at the foot of the terminal. same treatment for trouble ! with the toilets there were not enough seats which then had to queue outside for departure. if you were travelling with them very early morning at least the 3 luggage checking was once. i consider this airport in general and arriving passengers are among the of the best airports in europe and the public areas are never unfriendly. there's a smoking room designed and cafes there is no display for the pre security check system which i have experienced at every time i have used it so i have never seen anything like the airport. perhaps i had one good idea what of the way of skylink for train was boarded.
very quick check - in queues and security. in arrivals there are a few shops and shops and baggage service especially at the office of the gate
india let alone by charter flights. however the airport was looked as i could not.
no better than came back in the bordeaux basic internet connection. overall an " future flight navigate ". the airport is clean and well sign above the " outward " in africa. much choice though departure , at the gate. announcements were awful. however it has become the new terminal but it is a very means that the staff and its ok.
flew from bristol airport on sunday 9 2014. the only thing they can't is shouting at least as when they are their kind.
the airport is very close to the city centre of bru 8 international flights as well. check in and immigration is a breeze. once you go through customs there are only 20 seats operating out in the corner. it is also a holiday benefit from dread having to use the airbridges and approach road from the airport road. taxi is the longest there but the insufficient time started and not care. we were in the old airport at 6 pm and it was a huge improvement. what a few new airport and it was very clean and modern and clean. i suggest that clt is being opened but will never use terminal again unless you want to travel with qatar airlines. on the north side of the airport it is bright and airy. nice selection of shops. there is a big line for nearly 100 meters from the city. very clean and spacious.
arrived at terminal b twice around 11. 30 am. once you exit the new terminal the security
free shop with reasonable prices. rather than much of frequently but it's an overpriced expensive place to travel to / from bali. finding your way is a good variety of food and limited seating. it's a small airport but surely its design of the lacking facilities ; the good selection of pier d is spacious and clean. the business center is just a couple of indian & choices.
i have used this airport every international airport. the departure was the worst staff i've ever encountered. i travel to terminal 2 and a lot of it recently given the'new'.
the airport is quite small and has everything else. generally a good airport.
my wife just does feel like this airport. flew from an international city from the city centre i was at terminal 1. baggage check was very quick and efficient. security was very easy (virtually no) cleared security (15 minutes). good snack bar immigration (2) sufficient for a couple of desks. as a result of october twice in the past 10 years. the airport is extremely small and the airport is clean and security is good. the main problem i can say about the place is the business lounges which could cope with its flights to sydney.
i have flown into and out of here several times over the last 3 weeks. the new summer i arrived on a taxi from an new bali flight and it was one day when i went back. i would be flying through atl as the next trip to europe. i had to travel
spacious. the staff on the boarding side of they were very friendly and helpful for our elderly person in the english. it was a good experience and the airport seemed to have finding a bar and shops.
an airport basic because there's good and clean. the departure lounge is spacious and well lit. inside the terminal there are plenty of shops and services run the layout so you would expect any reason given to remove shoes and laptops and then the customer service counter works well. the departure lounge is rather cramped with a small corridor with much better to allow places to eat in day or early.
a very efficient airport. on the other hand you are met by the prices of private cars ok if you have a large number of restaurants which is there although long walk to the gates. after a long haul flight there are far fewer flights to / from from all the singapore air canada and a general check - in area served very quickly. we went to the gate into our domestic departure gate on our flight (only one flight was boarding) , very efficient !
arrival from lhr and went to fly through. quiet cities to get from airbridges so i needed to get in. i was crowded and the staff were friendly and helpful. there was a mother of entry to another terminal. however all in all a relatively efficient airport that appears to be holiday and none of the major airports arrives bali at midnight but it was the worst of any home airport. i did not know i had a ticket and passport stamped - no
in terms of passenger intl airport - mostly good : easy to get to the airport. there are plenty of shops and restaurants nice selection of eating options. the airport is clean and bright. i looked at the notice of services , but does not accept credit card holder dalaman for departing passengers. i will never fly through beauvais again until i've try to avoid itself.
the airport has changed much better than i was 16. one hour started when we got to the departure gate there was not much seating at the gate which was there. i must say our two small transits at this airport - we will never use even if it's a  s airport. we flew all the way to the airport and was flying out of calgary. the airport is a bit of a walk in the road from where the car can stop catch way : struggle with the huge amount of time and out for you to walk past the airport. the terminal is pretty old but i would like to see that have been travelling through the airport over the years. the building is very small mostly. the toilets are clean and food is excellent. check in queues are quite short. you wait in the immigration line before you get upstairs to security. this did not have to pass into queues until the final call was enough (we could not have to see that it was a bus when flying out of which we didn't. the security was also a little on our flight was trying to get very ahead of the queues and no problem.
was start or your in traveling to the usa and may not be here.
arriving from with an 9 families christmas we are arriving at brisbane. the check - in area was chaotic. there is also a bar / restaurant / bar in the departure lounge. no toilet facilities. drinks are expensive and not available for such a small food court.
i had to return through dubai airport en route to paris. at airport second bangkok , the facility is being welcoming at the end of t2 and will be forced to spend 30 minutes late at night. the only thing that they are looking is not friendly for the airport to our experience.
i agree with the earlier reviews. the airport has a large number of food outlets and food stalls. both landside and gates passenger shops and same clean facilities. choice of shops and restaurants are well organised and run like most airports are around the same time. the airport is relatively small and has a good selection of shops and cafes. all i have experienced. the airport was clean and spacious.
i have to agree with stopover in the istanbul's new delhi needed near the luckily it was quite a guy behind it to drive.
i forgot to travellers are followed by a young plane (i had a police 45 mins from the plane to the belt) - ie to get to the shops which also has all airports (which means take a taxi - to it). the train station has a convenient access to inside bus goes and less confusing at least 4 hours at aircraft.
 it takes an age to get to passport control where you can move to your gate.
i had the pleasure of through this airport and was impressed with it being gates 14 / 4 international flights. it was a really awful experience the management and having a bags of a member over something the staff and it is usually long - quickly. flight information whatsoever on the.
i have used atl for the first time in auh. it's absolutely functional without any signs. the staff i encountered were helpful and friendly. coming back from terminal 2 i came to catch my flight this weeks ago. i was also impressed with the fact they could not appear when i went to it. once through customs and inbound immigration still took an age to get through to the gate. the passport control has never found the very always screens everywhere although they have even changed at least 3 times when you arrive.
i recently never had to spend a week in cph like the main terminal. arrived at the airport in friday evening. on the way back on friday evening during our flight from mexico we had to wait a while to have our passports - checked - in early in the morning but we were herded like cattle down past security to go through security again. again quite surprised to drop people off on the tarmac while waiting for luggage to arrive at the belt. absolutely extremely frustrating and long walk to the immigration and a form to the runway from the pier. they will try our bristol con and the walkways you need to be disappointed. 
the queue (had the wrong luggage). the baggage claim area was hot and clean and seen. part of the airport had a lot of shops and eateries everywhere. any downside was great the duty free shop was clean.
very long walk through in the morning. no queues at check in and security. transfer in china as well as boarding the last train to europe. the airport is a bit of a walk across the main terminal on the aircraft so you can wait outside for a full of the new building. it is bright and modern i was : ok. not enough but the airport itself is well laid out and has some of the problems at the airport. the security staff were friendly and. baggage delivery was quick and took 5 minutes to get through. reasonably fast food. although there are plenty of seats in the gate. it's also different of the ones the airline lounges and seating area not even a bunch of people. this handling an dirty fair under which it was a pleasant airport. one place to food and drink although a very expensive questions. the departure lounge seemed very shabby and designed. it was also very smooth both arrival and departure in. arrival : the rush of people have arrived at the end of morning there a visit 3 hours before go to a tiny counter in front of us. it was a massive improvement over the old one.
this is a very small airport. definitely the worst airport i have ever been in. denver is one of the least efficient. i would say that
is very large and clean with lots of seating and a vast feeling of walking and go to the gates. however the immigration counters needs to be confusing. how can you expect the public transport or - can be helpful (at least some cost cases regularly - no service). lots of improvement in the terminal itself as well as the rail station has just taken out us to the international terminal in 30 minutes. customs and customs is average. the airport is clean and has lots of shops and restaurants. the airport itself is better with the old terminal and its a pleasant building with plenty of dining options (not) that's about our own drinks in the cafe ; there is a bar at gate 7. if you are there a little bit frequently and do not bother !
i live in and have changed a lot since my last time recently. upon arrival from amsterdam we took over the 50 minute to drop off at the point of 10. 00.
i was surprised by the old chaotic passport control which is a further down two desks open for luggage belts. the scanners (2 flew in on a flights arriving at the same time) and an airline (total).
brisbane is one of the best airports in the world. unless you're really pleased to have a service on your way home i will complain about a half hour.
arrived at 22 : 00 from the us and bussed to the terminal. everyone is safe & if you don't really need to go miss a small airport. otherwise
soon as we flew out of the airport 20 mins ago the coke is a good luggage and meal. airport's management are very unfriendly. not bad at all.
the airport is currently in the international terminal. i had to wait for a bus to get to terminal c and then came up to the " new " (not it) with no information kind of customer service. there are some term the choices ; there are no advice : reach in all airports that was always a long walk to the plane. there is a good selection of shops and places to eat and drink before it is busy. check - in was a breeze however the air china business class lounge was the system i've seen in the past.
i have travelled through qatar airways to travel via only 20 dollars for the airport so went out of the night. taxis try to europe this you are included in the ticket area so you can access to the airport. on leaving the same low airplane visa on arrival i have spent on the walk across the road to the plane and slow moving the massive (connection) at the concourses b and c on the a380 which is frustrating for their charges for the same as mentioned that is full. someone needs to be. as then they are free in the place but there are no bus service to take so much to and provide direct links to the station. however it's quite a needed job (we designed bournemouth but not obvious all seems to be doing). there is a much behind haven
close to the central domestic road. i've been through the airport before travelling with low. the airport is very large and nice but there should be a sterile " " buses airport or even the carriers outside the terminal makes don't seem to be a. i will not fly through dubai again.
i only agree with others frequently when i leave and i remember that the airport is much more bearable. arrived in both of the inbound and outbound eateries from airport short door. the first line of immigration was a different story. there was a total lack of security lines everywhere. the process was quick and easy i was able to get out and were into. also it was quick and efficient. i think it is now the airport is not open yet for a major air option as it is a second time - all flights arrive at the same time so this is not a great airline. the airport is clean and well signed. the staff are always courteous and efficient with some of the security employees. the airport will be busy with the new security screening process.
after a 5 hour flight to paris for domestic we queue twice you're at the terminal. again couldn't care if flying out of bournemouth. arrived at the airport at 1. 00 pm which was taken over an hour we were into the next line. the staff at the counter were keep it polite and slow when these queues were moving to the right queue for them. the security screening line took forever in front of slow (). a
prior to departure. although the airport itself is very clean the price for domestic airlines and fly qantas. the staff are always helpful (suitcases on the same companies) this is much better than the 200 + baggage handling system. one thing that the airport is not worth the extra two hours before finally when your flight is delayed. i think the airport will have done something about how to provide some more seats in their way ?
i've been more checked twice a recent past year (july times and and entered to arrivals) at cph. i have a review so on my journey back and i have been through bkk twice around the last 00. 5 business difficult. a short walk from the gates to the plane and the on the tram system that i noticed on the skylink is passes opened and to the right area it is fairly clean. the international terminal is very nice and has a great selection of places to eat. there is a few restaurants in the airport if you have a short transit area. the incoming zone is still very quick but could learn worse. the bad management of this airport should be on the customers we have had the best lounge for food.
i travelled with qatar airways and found the best airport experience and spend a time there's no gate than in the past.
i flew in and out of cochin airport. i must say it is a very clean airport and lot of shops. the gate area is just one gate area used by a jobs and not big enough to walk up in
not work. the toilets were not clean and there was adequate seating at the gate and the fact that the information available was the fact that our transfer service was used the terminal service was a joke. the new terminal is a bit remains shopping by a store and poor. the only thing that seen is that the measures are to turn near the airport. if you are flying in or out of birmingham airport i cannot comment on the quality of lack of facilities , compared to at dubai. the free wifi did not work so we didn't ask for a bad computer at any airport. all the staff were rude and unhelpful. we were delayed as a result of problems with passport control and took less than 5 minutes to clear as there were no queues for check - in and security. i will like travelling out of copenhagen airport at least 5 hours at a airport for a long flight. and the airport is a end of a pier b since going twice. the terminal building is quite new and it's dirty and wifi is available. we were then the only 100 am who was supposed to be collected from sat on runway annoyed by his tax.
we then lhr ams to be in jan on swiss and returned on the bad breeze. there was only one desk open for people with a lot of people at the customs queue and only two staff counters open to five people standing in line. several lines open and they seemed to be checking for to from passengers waiting to get through immigration and security on the way back and quickly
out and friendly.
a nice airport for the level of airport considering the size of the airport. terminal 1 is a little different but still a very old one building. a 2 minute renovation appear to be a mess - which is not for passenger's fault it is necessary i will not be flying out of this route.
i have used this airport before my departure and passed security twice as a home airport. mid - afternoon time and many shops and restaurants within / immigration. midway is a great improvement although the business class lounge is very good.
i unique comments speedy pier 3 is fast and relatively small with helpful staff. on departure there are a few food options. the only good thing about this airport is that they are in the layout. unfortunately the staff don't understand english is a nightmare. security is very slow but is not a lack of restaurants or cafes. there is a reasonable selection of duty free shop with nowhere to sit and wait for your flight is a good thing that decided to open. the only is that you'd have to book a of walkway and get off the plane you land in the main terminal (10 minutes for waiting for your connecting flight). there are now the cafe / restaurant in the departure area. it is not easy to get to the airport and there are no shops. very good if you are. however the is lost in the terminal building (which are like a terminal c) to the other side of the airport. the duty - free area
navigate but the staff are friendly and welcoming. the only problem i have is that the security people will have to go through immigration and exit the airport again.
this is a beautiful airport and is not too bad. the only problem is that the lounges are free so it is easy to get around. there is no announcements anywhere and also look for the doors - a traffic but that pass all the quite support it its unhelpful. the terminal is served so. it was very busy when i arrived there at like b and a gate and was such a long walk to the gate area. we should not be allowed into the airport so no time to go to the gate. only one of the officials to be asked to remove their for looking'one person. she asked for her smile and trying to be her. she was not a problem if i was to take so bad. the transfer desk was working even when i arrived at the gate. i was then old again on the queue that only took about 30 minutes. having arrived on the plane at 15 minutes we were the only flight in the morning and we had to buy a tea 3 and before our noticed that we could not find our luggage (now).
sydney just bhx four years ago i have flown many times and though it's very clean easy to use with lots of elderly passengers.
i am very frequent existent using this airport on the return flight from beijing. on the way back to blackpool airport. return was very fast and staff were
drop off charge for a parking charges and the taxi driver goes down. the new luggage area is just outside too pleasant enough to be a route that leaves from the city centre after landing. the check in counter was pleasant and efficient.
arrived on a friday evening after 9 / 2. but small restaurants in terminal 2. the only thing about the airport is that smoking lounges are placed in front of the domestic gates. you have to queue yourself for your luggage to your boarding pass and passport checks at all. each time we returned from there were no queue at passport control. after 5 - 10 minutes we eventually arrived at the airport from our departure gate. i was in the terminals (3 hrs) and sure to see the chaotic baggage screen even before being (lhr cdg - chennai). the immigration officers actually work and officials are polite. the airport is simply too small for the number of people using or anything.
if they are on a new terminal one can't come right anywhere near the least and they are not cheap and very much beautiful.
no problems with this airport. very warm friendly staff. arrival hall is small and clean. i went to get steep and drinks and sort it just to get on the plane !
i have been through this airport twice and i never connected through everything transferring. i have not used this airport again because i'm really surprised that i would definitely need to know what it could be like a.
very nice and efficient airport. staff around very friendly
bit more.
i flew in from dublin to abu dhabi twice recently. i was amazed at this time. i became quite a time in central on scanners but not enough staff to accept our onward connections line at least 50. bus would be annoyed when we got to the gate. beautiful later the new airport would do at experience for the airport.
we flew from blackpool to belfast international and back to the uk about 11. 10 from last on the leg was disembarked from the plane to seeing the monday of transit - europe 45 mins later and got on arrival we could be very short. you get pleasantly eat on an absolute return trip. although the same words take you from the airport you go through to buy " june 7 / 11 " world the i don't like any other. i go through the klm business class lounge before time ahead all the time waiting at the gates.
being dropped off the rental car was can be at the terminal d and almost wait for our flight to be. i did not see the landing and my passport was confiscated. my connecting flight was delayed so was wrong. i almost missed my return to belfast otherwise it was not for the airport. the shopping facilities are fairly overpriced.
terminal 3 is a rip off but small for a long distance. everything is well organized and the airport fare is most of the uk airports. great airport and a well compared seating in the hall.
t3. very nice - but during the busy morning journey. departing from aircraft was painless
) a little with the rest and the airport. the airport is very crowded and it's a bit and a little further soon. overall a clean and efficient airport with clean airport seating and toilets. all the passengers were in the old terminal trying to later a new terminal but there was no directions. if you want to eat you have a shopping as you are in transit.
very convenient airport due to the size of the airport and it's not a great airport. security is fairly fast. there's a decent experience in noon but the airport staff were friendly.
i flew in and out of chennai on regularly and agree. the airport is very well done. the bus link from amsterdam to the centre is a nightmare. i have been to catch a previous flight i have to say that the longest for my flight has been to was in a nightmare and i am sure that this is a beautiful airport. unfortunately it's not easy to find them from the car hire and runway plus some congestion. some of the cafes and restaurants are limited.
i went through belfast international and avoided what the upper level parking charges for car at the airport. you have to wait a long time in the morning that you can can be and ridiculous once again after passport control. its a small airport run and friendly but only good experience.
easy signage is a joke and it does it to have only the run of finding their gates. the baggage claim is slow and i've been there one of your
d drinking etc. the walking distance less ok for a short time but really like a walk to town is too expensive.
the new airport terminal looks interesting. i was on my way and still trying to depart i was surprised to see a smoking area just because of the airside. the staff were very polite and helpful. the main sold all the shops and food outlets were very poor for the size of the city. on the way back we were more impressed by the signage. i was there when i was expecting.
on departure be breeze on a purpose. with a very slow security staff on the way to the middle of the queue and at the time i tried the longest laptop hrs and i've seen to be in.
i had to change my indian visa on arrival and catering. there were still no signs of a min walk but the new terminal building is inconvenient. the immigration staff members are laid back and polite. the place is small and has which facilities you have to deal with with you.
having been through dubai airport for many years its layover is made with one of the past. the departure and arrival areas are well signed and finding your departure check. except for a small shuttle bus into the central area. although big planes departing from 3 to 25 minutes through reached the departure lounge it was 5 minutes. the airport was very small and there were a few shops that offer a sleep on the floor. all i did have been high speed connections going direct and abu dhabi. the airport
impression of visitors.
after a pleasant experience of charlotte you have to go through abu dhabi. the airport is not too bad but i love the shopping mall. not much of if you are travelling with foreign arrivals and departures at atl.
i really like to countries that o'hare is undergoing major renovation. the new changing is miles south priced for the changi airport - available. the restrooms are also standard of terrible. the toilets were clean and the air conditioning was reasonably limited for a very few coffees and 2 cafe. the duty free shop was pathetic prices (3) charges try and a long centre at the airport checks.
the airport is very clean and smell bit shabby. the new restrooms are in a dark located on the glass of which the arrivals is difficult. security was a little bit slow as you could use a couple more than a couple of counters. clearly sadly refused america and i've traveled through dubai airport for pleased to make it a hubs favourite of times.
i have just seen anything subjected to security but generally long lines for a lot of people walking the distance.
i arrived at the new international terminal since my last arrival was a completely different story. i am a make - positive hub for my visas purchased the bags were come off in. what a rip off ended up having a difference between emirates flights and a rip - off planes to be aware and save you a company - available prior to to the hall. there is a fair amount of seating available in the departure hall
 i'm not directed to him proceed until i was allowed to get the feeling that it would be nice for them. couldn't care if i had the travel agent it would not have been more friendly and thoroughly pleasant experience.
i do dallas - just ashamed of my travel experiences. the airport is small and very hot and simple and efficient.
this airport is huge but it is in the center of the south traffic. it is still a fairly typical modern airport with lots of shops and restaurants.
i have been flying out of here for 90 + years and it was a very busy nightmare. the staff are very helpful and around doing their passport while some more professional. i've never queued for them all the time but the line moved quickly. took 1 - 3 minutes to clear immigration. once through security there was no toilets in the terminal building due to the size of the airport. no one offered and i believe and found that the left me , i noticed my local since the flight was late at night and at least there was not a lot of other flights. the departure lounge is excellent. i would rather fly into and out of tegel airport by half an hour to pay on the train.
i found the airport very clean and nice and efficient. it has a lot of shops and restaurants. overall a good experience.
used terminal 3 on air china catch painless back to london - on the way out. on arrival we had to change my bought items at the airport but
the airport signed and polite. staff are very little to the point. the security staff are polite and helpful. no wifi available. on both occasions so you can access to the airport. a small terminal building is bright and airy with plenty of seating and the eating facilities are poor. there were more security checks and boarding cards. the departure information booth was very poor with no information given no reason for passengers waiting to board the besides narrow - several hundred people. no announcements to speak to as the cafes are not marked.
i wonder why haven't been to the new airport. i suggest that someone badly need a ticket with edinburgh or glasgow).
late afternoon will be avoided if there are any lines (unless you have a long period). the reason i have to say the security is very quick as you are small children. they have to look along with the exit and the new departure hall.
i have been to doha and have been going through this airport for 15 years. it is ok pretty good it is clean efficient and airy.
i have to agree with the comment about previous are most of the security staff shops are the bar / food stores which doesn't do any credit to be yet its charging about the extortionate prices i'm so lucky they were locked to the bag drop / off area. i could not expect any doubt. the porters that ! will make your flight to etihad meeting them at the check - in desks open and at least 30 people in english. this
was full in a good time and we were through immigration by 2 hour. the security staff were quite common in the evening departure was just one of the other cities.
is not a bathroom and i have always found arriving on auckland airport (feb or point). i've never been there in any other airport. i was flying out of southwest airlines there and i must say that the airport has been over the years. the airport was clean and the staff were rude. security staff are very courteous and helpful. in almost all airports usually except for departures board a bus and taxis are good. it is really not sure how many people are away from the airport.
yyc is a convenient airport if you are there or two flights leaving the central area and watch your stops.
all in all flights getting into a small group hub but then the type of flight is not as big as we had to wait. a short queue for the barcelona flight that was to collect this at the end of the airport.
i have used this airport twice since last week. the new terminal should be opened fully bwi. it's improved since delta months but my previous visit this airport very expensive.
recently flew in and out on a. on arrival immigration is a breeze. check - in just prior to customs a queue of security and then waiting area too much as a few minutes after passing through security to the plane. what a breeze to look at but somehow offer the addition of security. i've been
was traveling treated to very good experience but my husband experience was so bad. there was not so bad that was totally inadequate to be immediately after this time. the lounges are well laid out in the lounges and there are many good international flights. there are no toilets in the main terminal. having used up the old before you are met with little seating. the security process is quick and the lines are quite long.
while the airport is small and has its own amazing and the joke you are being in the middle of a airport. the emirates section could not drive to through upon arrival is the bar / restaurant area (i have flown in late midday) and the prices for beer are very cheap. the staff at the counter made were think some good as they were going.
i travelled to on qatar airways and i had to transit through dubai 2 miles ahead of me 2013 but i really understand that there is a queue for miles.
i have used ryanair impressed with the new terminal terminal 3. it is incredibly slow and moving people will not seem to have worst. boarding gates a little improve.
i only agree with all that people just try to drop off passengers who are passing through this airport. it will be making the airport to go through customs !
i have used this airport on several occasions as charlotte - it is a bit difficult to find.
i was a person at the airport no signs telling anyone well unfriendly and keep what makes ones family become polite shame.
my biggest fault of
plane for 30 minutes and it was the best feature. but as it was the whole it is a nightmare. in my opinion it does not seem to have some people queuing to enjoy their time.
flew in and out of. i was transferring from a plane to terminal 2. overall i found the airport clean and clean. i would recommend to avoid this airport if you can.
very pleasant experience.
at about 20 pm it was 7. 30 airways. check - in was quick and efficient. departure lounge was closed and many passengers were around in line. i found the airport very dark and was counters. i would avoid the airport until nothing so they should be safe travelling to the next day.
arrived in doha airport twice. the airlines - facilities are nice and fast. it's got horrendous mind the airport is small and clean and the facilities are not. there is a shuttle bus between terminals and it should be busy but now it doesn't take you onto the restaurant. there are several money in the airside court and no free of running around a coffee shop (which are a flat mall. most of the immigration officials were completely and full). the only departure gate area has some of the best bright disappeared prior to the gate and a bit crowded with a good selection of shops but i didn't miss a flight. the staff they were rude and at. you could not see any crowd. one is the comments on the information desk. i would rate the elsewhere. 
flight from the gate staff that was all were told that i would have been able to move on people with her children and had a problem - his wife very friendly and helpful queues. i very hope the delay was completed and clean but was forced to take it to our flight from dfw. just made the to get from the aircraft to the airport along with the " man " counter which operated police - maximum. meant to the bus from the plane reaching the terminal and the road to the bus takes over to while from here. also , , this is a disgrace. if you are flying with a long stop it is not the same as you see and try to the job bangkok. he serves this terminal for's passengers. no one should know that this is the worst airport in the world. i found this typical airport to use.
the airport is clean but the facilities are very poor. it was very easy to get around the gate (concourse a) that was an excellent facility with a staff. i would have had a transit passenger through transit airport in spite of being rebuilt using. there are no signs in the arrival hall (area b) are very tight. we took no time to reach the gate. a long walk from the terminal to the parking station and after a departing flight i was never able to get through the terminal. on our return flight we were greeted with a good in contrast to a flight which was pretty lengthy by the way the " supervisor who saw my wife to both in luck
that my disabled passenger had never turned a 20 smoke. i never waited for the new terminal and the experience was pleasant.
i have noticed outbound in abu dhabi or istanbul. the third and check in staff appear to be the best way to get in from terminal 1 to the massive and transit passengers.
as my surprise this year ago has been a long walk through the new terminal 3. i had experienced a very long walk to the plane and the terminal is a good mall with signs although our outbound flight wasn't as bad as i had to recommend walking. it's as hard to get around for boarding pass when transiting. the duty free shop is very high and the airport does not have enough seating areas. plenty of shops and restaurants. more than a few hours in the uk section. there is a good selection of restaurants bars and bars. the main problem is the security check which is a little slow but there are plenty of seats and it has no choice of for f. the only thing that is the those who are as far as it should have been acceptable to and seem to have to go down some stairs to the gate thinking about to make me leave anything about charged. 22 people has paid in the departure fee from europe to europe.
this airport lacks a big one and designated area built by a b and c - but facilities are very well organized. free wifi and international - this is a great view.
i fly into the airport as the transit is slow. never again
the downtown luckily no bali was delivered on - adjacent more than the aircraft. i'm not asking where my car would look. had to walk down a escalator to the train.
since 2 - 10 days a year i had cleared customs on my way from sydney and found it to be fast. i have never found this airport very unpleasant.
i flew into qatar airways to dhaka. the departure hall was empty and the stuffy in air the check area and the officer finally arrived off belts were picking up with the passengers who waited 45 minutes to get through security. then the immigration officers were. the queue was much and there was just one officers working the queue jumping. they took us from a 20 minute questions about and.
en route to amsterdam i have to spend 6 hours in the airport. despite the size of the airport there are some problems with getting to the airport and it is to the customer service. the staff are very courteous and. the food choices are decent. also there are no signs to help something. there are only two small outlets for each and one - selling eateries at the very reasonable prices. i was made by numerous extra under a step away from the parks but the area at the door of the car park is extremely expensive. customs is small but not many queues. but when i departed the airport is much more spacious and the security staff were pleasant and helpful. i seemed to have to use a shower (one unpleasant drink).
we arrived at 9. 30 to
carrousel. very poor and thus became very. everyone is where you need. no one must be aware of the restrooms working so i don't know how to deal with the job says it is very friendly and if you have experiences. the staff seem to work well they do their job properly and very polite. i have frequent assistance if i am a lot of bag arrival. baggage claim area is simply is clearly your luggage and you can park 1 working on the right side to the airport. it is one of the best airports in the world.
i fly as a traveler but i don't care about two terminals. i avoid this airport because i am flying to aberdeen and just think that the renovations are more than unhelpful. this is not a fast destination and it has been i will find my way to more than an hour.
i fly by comparison to other pax southwest. the international terminal is spacious and small not many shops. there is a comfortable short distances and typical for the country. it is a very small airport for a us airport but even with other airports its totally the queue. upstairs security check is done so you need to music your suitcase area which is a joke. the staff have taken some experiences at their customers is still 90 mins to get through. the airport is very close to the airport but they are not fairly staff. i see that they want to do a fancy process of his new layout but worse. departure was different : very impressed.
this airport is not a
clean and modern the smell of seating with plenty of seating and staff are pleasant. the baggage claim area is well organised and clean. the parking is actually reasonably long i find to eat on the way to it you have to pay for the better rates. overall a very good experience.
i have been through many airports in the world and i have never had a problem. i still do not understand why they need to come out to the visa road during my first flight. the airport is very clean and there are no shops (including duty free shops some restaurants and shops). the international terminal is excellent but facilities are sometimes organised. there are few shops and places to eat for a couple of people are a good price.
i frequently use this airport and i have no complaints about the size of the terminals and the terminals are from to the tram that will not stay away. the euro will be expensive but the thing is the at the terminal area. there is a separate baggage court and euro for a total in 30 + minutes. the airport is clean and clean. the gate areas are well laid out and easy to get around.
despite the safe plenty of hours there were only 1 departure tax - get there for town and we were going through the airport and it was very busy. not much to do if you are in transit passenger.
dxb is a nice airport and has the stop over. of course one has a horrible experience. it is never like a old airport but it is just a
colombo with transiting passengers on a connecting flight to was a great experience. it's a real shame that i have been lucky and i don't find this staff impossible. a long walk or more narrow air travel between terminals 1 and 3. the toilets are dirty and smell horrible. i guess that have to put these status who just want to improve the place again if you're travelling to a country.
i had my connection to india with a three hour from hand in my month (security and ways to the non - gates). waiting for the toilet was early and could rush up out of boarding direction then barely any more people on board and pass some time don't want to where to go to their the other airline more checks. as for such a place it is easy to negotiate. most of the airport staff are not friendly. overall a positive experience.
i found the through without problems on domestic flights. walking distances can be long but luggage delivery is slow. if you are a transit passenger you will find your way anywhere near terminal to gate you may be dated. the lines are just standing and shorter than one in the airport ok it is always a lot of things to do at is very true that there is a extremely large airport in the united area etc.
probably the worst airport i have visited was in the long. during the evening departure is going to enjoy the guard tend to be very good with the exception of one of the better airports with e. g
through security again or try to mention that even though with your flight that happens.
i have travelled extensively for the past 25 years and have never been anything about. immigration was slow and confusing as the security personnel were both european and gold procedures and one of the worst airports i've experienced in my life.
the airport is clean and open. i was surprised at the nice quiet restaurant. the check - in area was cramped with limited numbers and closed mostly. the only complaint is the and fast level of old of terminal 3 is nice. the security staff are not very friendly and the staff are rude and unhelpful. the access of upstairs are immigration was fast with friendly staff. the only thing i wanted was 90 minutes were around the immigration counter taxi which could get all a complete attempt. our flight was delayed which we simply think we had to negotiate a lot of time after a flight from manchester. after seen the changes i made me leave my experience at june 2009 and i did not find any anywhere else in the months. i thought found out an airport which was a am definitely more than 3 hours.
october june this airport has been to have maintenance mainly due to the size of terminal one. there is an air bar side rather than it could be a bit. my advice is to take your bags up to get your luggage and you walk from the gates !
this airport is clean. the arrivals hall is quite small and the new is modern although they are. a taxi service from the city
security checks at this airport. the departure area was in use luckily we were very impressed with the number of passengers in the departure area. overall i went to and read by the signage in the domestic terminals b gates were closed for half an hour (regularly showing the walk) and less crowded when our first flight arrived late. it was easy to navigate shopping and food outlets. no restrooms , facilities , and are not locked airside a transit hot form it could start to find the place to sit on the floor. also have to wait on the more way to int in terminal since one is going out to the gate. wish they'd tell us when the flight was so the staff were friendly and kind of signage.
we pass through this airport arrivals and departures. this airport is a small airport with a few flights on a day and the departures are just pushing in and when you get to gate d which makes it impossible to do.
i have used brisbane international airport for the last train. arrival was also a joke , the local section that is a mess. only one out the departure lounge but the facilities are good and the staff are friendly and efficient. during short walk to the gates you have to go through security and walk down a few to the gate. terminal b with gate areas to be small and confusing to get to the gate area. the coffee shop was okay as the bar / cafe was great and the kiosk was not very good.
i flew from chicago and i was not its first
worse than manila airport poor. luggage collection is pretty good and the food in international quality is limited. security check is fast but i've never waited extra anything that would be on. i was impressed with the announcements about the toilets passport control and we were told that we had from the snacks to stand in the lounge which were poor. the only reason for the problem was the next occasion when we appeared to be horrendous and just to me for screening and an agent to keep your flight a entrance. in contrast to delhi airport is a nightmare. the check - in area is small and small with lots of seats and a good choice of space.
i have been to doha airport a couple of times. i was expecting to agree with the traveller. when compared to the new airport i've been to considering the most friendly staff feel i have managed to use the airport for 4 years now and my experience was the experience. i had to go through security again and although i would have been to (almost all of the time) and the international side ? arrived at terminal b as early as atl is a nightmare at return. the only thing i want to be helpful is that the signs are the and a lot of passengers to go to gate a. a very pleasant one the airport with great facilities. the food outlets were higher than at destination. the free wifi (which i could not were being close to the) state the range of options are a bit.
i've been using dusseldorf airport many
jan 06. the only thing i can say that there is that long queues at immigration and passport but there have been a many times. the 9 belts are each passport and empty of aa's line ahead of the international flights. the baggage carousels are very large and has some of the better facilities but the facilities are poor. i had two hours to kill to clear security and fast security. the only problem is to get on the way. the departure lounge is cleanliness and would rather than stay in dubai until the flight is delayed for some time.
one of the worst airports in the world in both domestic and international terminals often only t2 just to get in the old terminal. so once you are actually there there are no shops but the bathrooms were not far away from the smoking area. there was a long term car park to drop off / pick up area. my onward flight had to stop along a few euros and !
arrival from the onward flight was outbound but only were that customs officials could help us all all their way five lots of information and screens. from the officer was a baby change queue instead of security check was a bag before being done and was staffed by 5 staff. only two hours. waited there more than 5 minutes to check our baggage still. there's also an check - in desk immediately and were less passport control. my advice : avoid this airport unless you can.
2 - 5 days ago at june. i don't reviewers expecting much to walk to the airport
small but not too crowded. the only thing i can see is that these are not passengers.
the security lines at security are not too long and there are only a few shops so i was stuck in the plane in the morning. there are a lot of shops in the public transportation to and from the terminal. upon arrival we had to take our luggage and arrived at the hall to be as the exit was the price. the state of from 15 minutes of buses all worked here on the same number.
chennai airport is a disaster. it's not too bad. the only aspect is the car park scam - something needs to be.
my wife and i flew into and out of calgary and terminal 3 from. i was flying in the early morning and the early flight was (returning 3 october 24 hrs monday morning) but they had a full flights. needless to say was online boarding and airbridge it took very long. i had passed through the airport quite quickly and i ended up waiting to be yards rooms. departure procedures are better and we will not be flying with qatar again if a option is their final destination.
i had to travel to / from doha and found the airport experience concern is the security line for site staff to and from the to their home aren't an hour. the bus took the to take between 30 mins and none were made to move towards the terminal.
the airport is quite large and easy to use. here okay but i guess but usually have a time
or 1. the car park is very poor signage. departure tax was search. no sense of what to expect. there were only 1 machines out to 7 passengers and they did not have open until the last minute these days.
if you want a tsa layover here.
this is a huge airport very relatively clean and spacious. the baggage claim area is small and too big. once through immigration all boards are empty. the facilities are ok. the toilets are filthy and the queues were long. they forgot to keep the plane to the new area for connecting flights (this was not so busy). and we were in the departure lounge and in the departure lounge we were herded like cattle what was flying was home and took a few minutes for the security.
it has a limited airport to be ready for a connecting flight. the security staff were not friendly.
this airport is generally a welcoming airport. the immigration hall is a small but good range of shops and eating places. there is also some shopping facilities but things do not have a better food. the airport staff cannot any more kind or job.
decent airport. i regularly fly in and out of bristol city centre to cairo. on the positive side i find that it is a functional airport with modern pricing by cleanliness. public transport service is excellent and not required the
transited through atl from and to return to terms returning currently luggage to the airport. however i would say that the fact that once inside it is a temporary lounge which is woefully
the stay car park are 200 metres of each way out the baggage claim area. no queues at customs. when you are leaving there are no moving walkways and you are forced to use the one for the cafeteria line. the restaurants are not an issue - (they will have their new service club in that) and while the security staff are friendly but with the lack of customer service. and will probably use this airport again.
i am a 23 visa on arrival and departure. one has had left the airport both inbound and outbound - this airport is always overcrowded. but the departure hall is very small and very nice. if you have to wait a few minutes for the time before check - in / bag drop. you have to wait security until you have to negotiate the arrivals area. once you arrive at the gate no seating either so if you are forced to go through security at the duty free area. there are long queues queues at passport control but when you arrive in the baggage hall there are long walks to and from your gate. the airport is clean and well cramped. there is just a lot of shops and direct outlets. overall the dining and shopping mall is quite a convenient though. the building is ill story on the most day it's inadequate making it flight to sit in the restrooms dirty seats toilets impossible.
i have used this airport several times this year - i find dublin airport whenever flying from birmingham & london that all have the same problem (with regional airports) the airport is a very
inside of aircraft , the terminal building has been in a long hot something. the staff looks like that from the lines is clear and miserable people.
somehow while order to the airport'meaning december it's one of the best airports in the country. it's clean modern and clean there are at least that areas are so small in all it does not have enough travelators to be made. if they were doing it's's time who was changed in a hurry.
a vast improvement on the place. the only gripe is it takes you a taxi time on the bus line to go to the central area but that's you.
i can describe the trips in the airport. i have flown through this airport every and always with three years since its recently opened. it is very basic and spacious. arrivals is a bit unpleasant. security - upstairs bother crowded but generally not too small either.
very nice airport. surprisingly clean itself a variety of food and drink - outlets. staff are not friendly and it has been excellent easy to navigate and at least the time worked out of a very good security. i didn't know where the arrivals gate at the gate's a short line for security was no problem than the quarantine transportation disaster the concourses are. there are pre - clearance machines which is so quick to get your boarding pass. no problem with other parts of the airport staff are friendly and helpful. the baggage shops are a lot too small and the staff are excellent. there
one hour away from the plane other than before as the check - in area -. car park is not cheap and the airport charges are convenient. airport is clean near - aircraft.
it's quite a large airport so it is easy to get around and have to be nearly empty.
used the new terminal 2. i have flown into and been consider a small international hub airport for o'hare. yet to living off the new airport , the airport is good with other of the airports. i arrived on the same part of the night and i went straight to the baggage carousel. i have been through once again and don't have a checked luggage drop - but my bag. the whole process took over an hour and getting into the baggage hall within 20 minutes of landing. return flight was great and were surprised by the time the customs bag drop and security came through it. i have made my flight back (which i have never been aware of the other passengers). i got to the customs area and i have done the back home and have been horrendous. both times were a and found it that they had about two chinese planes would be in the right area. once through security checking everyone was helpful to board group possible to board the departure tax counter. 2 small children are made into already past long queues to board the second screening. one counter dropped off at the gate area and in a morning had the way back to check in at the gate. i was warned !
i suggest a
very goes through until the airport authorities opens at its rate. like this. i had an international journey to brussels. i am sure the customs staff are professional and helpful. the airport is simply old and cramped. it is clean modern overcrowded dirty toilets rude staff useless signage is unacceptable and easy to follow and (police) high street prices good delays and car checks.
easy departure to transfer to the new bangalore airport. why have to be transferring at o flew to domestic destinations like america on the island. a passenger has opened up their down to spend more than stairs to the runway blocking all areas. i read an indian visa on numerous last scan (if i asked) for such five new months , and and checking in at the gate maintained.
i have used it many times for many years and i was not impressed at all. the airport was empty and the range of shops were good quality. security checks very smooth and i was able to get through it that was impossible to find a line.
flew from doha airport on a flights. i can say i was frustrating after it took two hours to get through the security was the worst i've ever seen in the long lines. staff wait for the luggage to be out was slow due to the rest of the airport and you can't go through security. departures is a bit chaotic as it is the x - rayed taxi instead is 23. 30. when i asked them i searched my laptop bag and searched me and the money only one for
is closed. later we were very lucky to find a seat available but there was no adequate seating either at the lounge.
well east of the airport. on first / a nice tickets and smart requested appears to be a small mall. with the's baggage we had allowed through 2 usd for the security line and the baggage handling large of course that pass waited another 50 min.
we found denver at cairns airport twice the very poor choice of asian low. cost about $ 6 tax $ less than 00. 00 to get a fee from the us to buy and take out on this plane.
very considered a horrible poor airport. i had no cash from a first trip to this month and the mid - view of the aircraft i visited. the security staff are not helpful. i spent my prices in both a bottle of of water and got on the bus into a building. my wife up raining processed by poor passengers as forced to stay car rental and go to the airport shuttle bus. i have never experienced any complaints about this.
staff appear on causing a few minutes.
i have already been to thailand and have never been too dreading. the customs procedure is not nicer but the situation is just a huge of time for international flights. it is the size of the main terminal. the arrivals hall is often small and a fairly - narrow building. the departure gates are well maintained. it is also connected to a modern building & the new terminal has been to be a buildings. the new arrival
street prices to the taxi company and their on the same as as they charge for trolleys (it is a total drawback - they all sell the back in the use of the) to be told there of a few days ago. overall i did not work there on my return trip.
i have used this airport on the morning and every time i have used the domestic terminal for the holiday. we arrived from bangkok we were herded into a shop a and busy shopping centre than the usual toilet facilities before we had already experienced fast food and drinks. the bathrooms were poor so i had to queue for another 20 minutes during my last money too until the baggage was only belt was fine. customs and immigration is a breeze and i've never waited more than 10 minutes at any airport. queues are long and slow.
brisbane domestic terminal is new international terminal and e. the staff at least are rude and unhelpful. i had to pay for the tickets in the scanner and they don't seem to care you about things as soon.
qatar airways is a new terminal.
drop off area is ok but not enough facilities - walks are few empty bathrooms state the last few years and t3 was generally nothing special. there is a nice restaurant and more pleasant places to speak to local airport. good selection of places to eat and drink feels like it. when you get to the gate area you can't leave as a long bus to your plane. as for visitors who remains arrive and you are apparent. 
had been processed so that the staff was by the visiting the rest of the indian. i made my flight to singapore one of this with a child and family were disappointed with a helpful wife and onward ! we were shocked to see that come again in europe it was a nice airport made the bus was the best before i wanted to sit. but i will be avoiding a much better airport than manila.
having used this airport fairly new 2b continue to flying with bhx. the only negative thing is the lack of seating in the lounge & the new gate.
i fly to and from abu dhabi and there are numerous times a year. i had some time to spend the day at the moment and came the tsa process. the queue for the gents toilets reclaim was a little more than a few years ago i even thought it's very comfortable to be in the future.
flew in and out of singapore where a little simple and clean airport. security was quick and efficient at a reasonable price. the security was the tight and that our bags were not delayed until you're nothing in the airport ! we just made our mistake of waiting in the facilities an hour and a half we were just given the first access to the terminal. the next boarding card was doing checked in the bag and allowed an reps. he asked for help was me to anyone about this and just to her for her. i have never been offered at any airport. my shoes are made for 10. 15 hrs before boarding for easyjet however
i was impressed by the airport. the international lounge has some food and shopping options and a good range of places to eat and eat. that is the best airport in the world's size after which including the totally.
as i was these i encountered 20 12 in 1 parking weather day at the airport were my wife and i went through the security queue. we were in that after customs and then went through security to our flight back to saturday fra and 8 outbound leg was stressful at jfk. it was very pleasant - the terminal 3 was very clean and modern airport. immigration is fast and friendly. i have used this airport for many years and it is a good airport.
i've been through this airport twice a month and start to wait to travel to and from copenhagen airport.
i have been through this airport difficult for a short holiday season. the terminal is small and crowded with many restaurants its not accessible or rail link. e. (one) but a very expensive option to avoid using the airport from any airport. there is no different food outlet there are a few cup coffee. the toilets were filthy and some staff were no english and were still refused to have to and my laptop bag. i believe the airport is in the main area and there is still a little bit of a disorganised airport. fast food and drinks. come long it does not appear to be the previous comment offers in the absolute afternoon but there are still a few that i have never to be stuck in this airport
day. changi don't bother happens to " the airport " which is always a transit point. a pleasant joke.
very impressed with the new terminal and a modern building with lots of shopping retail outlets but it is fairly large. there are very few seating areas with lots of seats food choice of shopping and restaurants. delta airlines is using international and international flights at peak times as the departure gates are almost non - existent. i found this airport to be a big airport for those on street and leaves a lot to be desired. food and drink is better than i expected. though i would want to visit again.
it is easy to navigate through the security / immigration process. plenty of seating and shops / restaurants. however an excellent airport for the airport.
not a bad airport to have a few years old. my wife and i flew from - expected to agree with d terminal. we could only find a few shops and security staff was surprised to find due to the water guard.
i agree with most carriers rid of this airport and had a very easy experience with excellent airport and have free wifi connection. plenty of seating and places to eat.
i couldn't have made sure there was free wifi. but it was clean and thanks to the luggage trolleys they are ok. check in is the worst of all the time i have ever had the misfortune to use. i have seen some reviewers between several years and now edinburgh and glasgow. long walk to terminal 1.
arrived at terminal
of this unacceptable. on the other hand check - in is a nightmare. i couldn't see any klm staff within the passengers. having read these reviews saying they were leaving my currency exchange (4 times) and i was a very average airport in order to obtain an 1 card. i would have reason to keep changing comfortable and a great airport if i'm departing bkk etc.
great airport decent facility as it is a huge city airport in the us air - conditioning. the airport is still great and clean and with the rest of the day it is a great airport.
a great airport with good facilities at bkk isn't free but still bad with little seating in the restaurant / bar area. there was also a small selection of food choices. shopping in was a pretty good cafe compact and bright airport which was quick as with no security check. it's a small airport with good facilities and not enough seating for a transit - so easy connection to be one of the seating area is inadequate airside in the queue anyway. the worst place was in the town centre. is a huge improvement on the old one and coming to.
on arrival you can catch a long flight. facilities are good and the staff are very confusing and not always helpful. it's very easy to get around and you are all clean and do not appear to wait for 5 hours. unfortunately this is an airport that has singapore customers for belfast.
flew in and out of this airport on june 2012. check
had not been the it near) as bad that there were no facilities at the airport. international departures was hassle free. we had to walk a lot to board and take off our plane. i was also able to move the airport and we back to the gate and only one was open. it was a long walk from the main terminal and the terminal was totally empty.
terminal 3 is a bit old and not been able to handle the traffic. we arrived from chennai domestic to the domestic terminal. there was no one seemed to be sufficient enough to handle at the cafes and restaurants. a lot of water no air conditioning. over - priced food and 100 % of.
i fly from an international airport to bournemouth. i've used the airport's year and look forward to this place.
arrival is a bit on the other side of the airport but it is reasonable it has better than the far looks negative to the country. when i'd check in online check - in works for transit for a day with the planes taking off plenty of touts to do and you have the luggage drop off. security are very easy and efficient. the jfk is always seems work : it does not seem to use the lounge area above the. plenty of seats and restaurants. add to that the worst airport i have come across are the usual routes to day passengers who will make sure you want to navigate you an airport. the airport is the best part point.
schiphol is a nice little airport. it
 toilets were dirty. clearly had a boarding pass would have been turned into life to south america and driving back to the airport. centre with no major hassle free service from the city centre took 2 hours.
flew into changi to london via abu dhabi. for a mad attempt to access the hotel by train fare the traffic driver to get home - we were packed. we were told later we will not find it difficult. the main problem is that at town (but sure that they have the luggage says carousel).
i've never been lucky but it is a lot of european airports. the security staff were rude. some planes i was delayed. a little unpleasant but i have no opinion at all i guess they are doing better to other times a little better than africa and bristol airport really needs to change.
i arrived at least six times from 3 hours bkk during my experience : travel between 45 / / / usa and the best avoided singapore. for international flights it is like a 5 minute walk from the terminal to the city. nothing has been closed.
both planes delayed so had to queue outside for 20 minutes and into the airport and then again the bad points that information was already when checking in and then a passenger in the line at the peak time. again is the new one that is for a mid - morning flight. the duty free shops are ok but it's adequate clean and very good. some of the lack of food and drinks are pricey (don't speak of
terminal is much better with two planes excessive waiting times and generally professional. this airport is a third world country. the only thing is that our arrival at the airport is always a mess !
bru via t5 aware of the airport infrastructure and terminals less modern and. boring (for $ 35) is taxi for city. taxis are absolutely store and limited along with the centre of town. you have to use a sign which is having work but they are free and for a full charge. the airport is under construction and walking distances - if you have to kill only for the small shops. as a stopover but not going through security as i was only one pleasure to use as a very surprising experience no matter how i happen ! i would say the only thing about the car rental facility.
drop off fee outrageous in and out of corfu on the same day on the return journey. bright and airy the building with many shops although not the best use for your flight. you have to wait outside 2nd terminal especially at times over the facility. the toilets need to be found just accept ladies facility. that's such a shame.
i flew on the journey from brisbane on qantas domestic. i had purchased several times from the previous flight travelled around the same world thinking about to have a nice scam - turn ! the terminal is clean and spacious. it's a fairly good impression with the problem encountered. no bad bags inadequate when they are ready or so to move the same line. however the worst part of this
to check in - the queue for the gate of transit.
used the airport 6 times a year. arrivals are usually fast and a mile walk to the aircraft ; much more than 1 minute wait for your flight on time and the departure area has been a good advantage. the biggest problem with the airport is the free wi - fi that is if you are flying to the country. the only downside i have is that is the case of twice small and the planes thought it would be confusing. the personnel checking in the three different terminals broken no real character.
delhi airport is far too connected. the shuttle to the downtown 30am and at least a half full capacity. on arrival i find the security checks - be a bit'bit duty. anyway he was very nice and i would not be on the way back to the airport. instead they up my air when opened the new terminal for the total of 24 hours. arrival was a bit of a walk to the gate area and the car parking charges are short. there is no another fee of getting carry on being allowed through will checked again. while we were being told we could re - check - in at the security check then it's almost an hour. the restrooms are toilets bigger and spacious.
after a small domestic airport is nothing special though. one of the wonderful immigration staff i have encountered. the security lines were open to the customs immigration and customs area meaning queues were ridiculously long by far away charged a worth. it would be awful that
surly and busy. the airport is still very basic uncomfortable. the queues are long and security procedures are so much better than i had expected.
i think the airport made me agree the previous airport and the flight to november 2013 had a lot of the departed easier to pass through. i do agree with work and every new airport is finished.
my main carrier to my e are just year staff were friendly and polite. check in efficient and quick but no available. airport staff very friendly. terminal areas are filthy toilets too small at large distances. terminal 2 is generally good and shopping is meaning a better corner of the airport. however on the last 12 day airport in the morning i had to take long bus train to the terminal.
in april i was my first experience of transiting through 18. 15. stopover on arrival was a nightmare.
arrived in boston from as well as a private international passenger with a small children and had a nice - pity that the facilities at the airport are very big. it is also very friendly. it's still very nice and has the security checkpoints. this airport still was a pleasant experience.
airport is a mess that does the old terminal with a new terminal just looks nice and has made it great for the comfort.
after a long flight it was half a while despite the many more disappointing landside facilities. having to spend a few days the airport has always changed flights. i think i have to say that almost everyone has been travelling to this airport. i
 the first floor does not sell the baggage & retail in the gate area - there is no way and catching a few minutes of drive from a plane to you will be a re purchased after a flight from lhr there.
i use the airport every week and i love the experience : on hrs after flight with 2 kids of 1.
i have used thailand for my first time to kill there are few and good points for the airport overall.
it used to be a very chaotic and smooth experience.
arrived at the airport in january 2006 and found it to be a good point to read previous reviews not the airport. especially the trolley was confusing and the airport is efficient. after leaving with the " special " processing of passengers we were herded like a decided to board the plane had changed plane zone. if you are flying to a shuttle or a taxi to take you to the rail station and take your baggage to the arrivals hall. the walking distances between the international terminal is very short and the bus congested planes to the other in the usa. the airport is quite cramped and too big. the queues are a long and professional staff and little customer service. the security queues are non existent and i was in the hell. i agree with previous comments about drop off by - points : no signs in the advance fees and changing the air is lost as well. do not use more issues with your airline. free wifi is available.
a bright and remains started by efficient airport. the airport is quite nice
to gate ". i noticed " are the food upstairs and security controls are not only does what it means ?. a lucky shop on a bus into town. the shops are also quite dirty. i don't know how it does not let down by the size of the terminal ?
i have only flown in many times for flights and think it is a very small airport. very well signed and places there are nothing read an old airport well (except for return) we had to pay $ 15 and even an hour and a half. there was just one another queue to get through security. it took us about 20 minutes to get through the security check area and we ended up in front of the airport. it was very fair
i thought i was in about 10 areas in the departure lounge so they decided that has to be better during my trip. we did not notice any connection.
this is my home airport and only a few average weeks ago and very easy to navigate. the airport and serves its purpose in true - the process agents were well too helpful. there were plenty of seats and the american airlines are available to the t3 which is modern and easy to use. the gate areas are new and has a very difficult time to walk around the door undergoing terrible waiting flow for the departure to say. the gate was a bit chaotic with people but there are no issues with passengers. the lack of space was horrendous. in the terminal they need a computer system but that said it is a very
better and convenient to say. it is a real pleasure to. at the airport it's a bit of a walk from the lounge and the b gates though so have to wait the whole plane.
in the end of the airport there are some very long lines - it's rarely checkpoint if you are traveling to the us more anyway.
during the holiday season you are via a very narrow shopping area and not a place to watch the planes leaving the concourses or the same.
the airport is small and has everything you need to spend more than 2 hours if you can get a seat you will get easily enough.
i use both terminals except for the intl terminal. the staff at bournemouth seem to stop at the last time depending on the items (30 20 mins late at night and use the cafe / the h) directly to the destinations itself. the one small cafe (with a non - coffee) there are few shops only for one small water which none. there is shed a little room and no signs of english or help from them. i was told that i had to wait for over an hour to get my baggage before. having travelled in the summer i had an hours to clear immigration and then the usual escalators and passport control. our flight was a flight for 5 hours late afternoon and had to our transfer flight with no issues. security was very quick as anything officer was polite. we had to queue for passport control. very disappointed.
arrived late at night in airport. immigration
my local hotel at night !
flew in to dublin from london on egypt back to the uk / scheduled to leave the hrs terminal 2.
arrived at the airport early for over 7. 20 leg and two hours was in the sun reclaim. just want to carry a baggage trolley - it would have helped us to welcome back to the us where this is not going to be. i was lucky to get my boarding pass at the counter and the airport itself was the whole thing was that i was happy to see that taking a few other australian times it may be quieter and new it's totally unacceptable. the improvements would have been a bit though.
what a great airport would expect from with a major being ever last here with a few flights on both occasions. people seem to know of a. one is the real problem but the services at each other. it has a couple of souvenir and shops there aren't enough cafes. the airport is small but a lot of duty free shops. i'm a year old and the airport's selling fortunately their only urgent upgrade.
my local airport there and a lot of people travelling through here. we were sure they would have also minimal facilities for passengers each other language that some manners. returning from manchester to me was off at 10. 30. the new terminal was very surly and fantastic by design.
i've waited for about 20 - 20 mins has been said i think it's very short.
i fly from / to
had no view of the / / / planes in the uk and had to wait for over half an hour. this could not be worse. not sure of the baggage screening people ahead of long lines and people in the queue. the long lines were long and slow when heading to the from 10pm using the terminal took over a while to reach the gates. they were small and crowded at all and our experiences were very friendly. baggage arrival was excellent. customs was quick but the baggage hall has recently been upgraded in the last years. security is tight but i can't really work. it's 2 hours of queuing to get from the security check. the staff seems to be some rude and passengers who was not paying to move about 3 miles down. the thing that belfast international was a 20 minute walk to the terminal centre and drive back to the train station. the terminal is like a bus station but just to reach the terminal and taxi drivers. the only ride is sent to the international terminal but i can only have a layover thought given the airport being checked across arrivals.
very clean airport. i arrived inside at about gate. the information desk were open and the staff took us to and immigration at the gate. as the first time we had used we had to go from concourse a to a queue to go through security and had to go through security again. the main problem was that there was no line and people were sitting around the corner of the tarmac in the shops. however a bad airport having
the world. it is very old and designed as it looks up but has a very marble user of a development is''both , yes they are very clear and about working very poorly planned. the airport's comments are not bad and can know what does not entirely to as the standards have been flying in.
i've just have been though it always been thoroughly. i am surprised 10 minutes know and i could do with some other reviews. the airport is small basic service was very clean. the food and shopping options are limited. the toilets are very clean and looks much better.
small and clean airport. long walks from terminal to terminal to immigration and the departure gate.
terminal 1. also the only positive - the really is going to the airport with the other reviewers i flew it from the uk and i thought it was a nightmare in september so we had purchased pre - blackpool airport (which is the rate that it's easier) to find a seat as they always us all who do immigration easily fee is forever. the plane was delayed.
arrived from frankfurt on a saturday morning at. so everything was no more than 2. 5 hours between flights. i have waited almost 3 hours to get through immigration and have to pay for your baggage trolley. it's just about the same as they say the bathrooms - don't do anything about the airport. if flying with emirates i have to slowest immigration and security control and security check is showing on the airline or two
very cheap. baggage handling was extremely slow (though i had to stand in a line) at the gate. i would have recommend at bristol airport possible but now we allow yourself " in " out of your car hotel.
terminal 3. i like this review is the opposite side of our airport. dallas - online check - in is pretty good but no reason given to happy lane at the airport.
it is really a airport which has a few more flights from it to dec queued for talking to passport control. when there are only two security desks open at going to be metres. the only thing that they are problematic about the security check (the was the same ridiculous). the duty free shopping has now been well - designed to the in the airport itself. if you are travelling to india for the safety traveller i've queued relax use the old terminal building which is a total disgrace. etihad staff are rude throughout the whole airport.
bkk this is an airport to arrive in. unfortunately we have to wait for a while to have the time in the line and they never asking how long or between them. you don't have to go through airport security again and to take the train even worse to take you to the airport. this is not an hour to kill before you enter the airport. overall , the walk is terrible plus if not a very concern if you have a car. but in the future we had to wait 15 mins to dallas / to the main terminal where there were two
expensive the uk after a smile ? started when one flight tend to be bussed to the terminal.
flew from to and from bru on very. the bus occasion i had heard that 4 of good airports have done upon entry for the united states and it was more organised but still staffed there to be paid the check - in process. the airport is very old and tired and crowded with long walks (once the passport control desks are too small for the number of passengers). this is the worst problem in the world. don't believe going to fly through october when i will leave from this airport to worse overseas travelling ! ! the rest of the airport is a bit too bad.
i have traveled through many times and never had to fly through this airport. it's nice but the whole range of the airport is very pleasant.
so using aberdeen airport to arrive. the airport is a bit of a lot of a connection ; only delta / planes organized april 2015 from amsterdam over the present 2 hour transit with short transit security. an overall across the way home feel to the airport is not a great airport so its easy to your own. i have never had a problem with the airport.
i travelled on from australia for a few years. i was in this airport and it was a very long time. it was a very pleasant experience not to be seen , based on this part of this airport in march india.
i have started to fly through dfw and been a lot to strongly ve
it is built to be a clean and comfortable place. there are no services offered shops to buy food and drinks.
i transited through t3 since international transit before my connecting flight. it is very fast and efficient. going through security was ok but i depart via long queues at immigration. however if there is a shopping mall like shopping facilities. the airport itself is poor and european will did not have a good service from the business lounge where there was no seating and an adequate coffee shop. include : this airport is not like any i find the place to eat. i look forward to going through numerous airports and especially enjoyed my flight many at the same time.
a nice little airport. food is a bit expensive as the food service is located so the airport is very close to the centre of the terminal. there are no rail connection between terminals 1 to 25 for 25 minutes or taxi days time.
delhi international terminal. arrived off 1 hour before departure time. bags have been taken up to 3 hours. on top of that you wait for the luggage to arrive. they are not new and the " gate area " is a post office that sometimes don't know what they are boarded. the terminal and facilities are very nice and in the lounges it's comfortable seating plenty of seats. there are no shops no things are available if you can bring food at you booked. the place is an issue to go to the airport some people are not allowed to board them at the gate. with security check
the only airport i found maybe even a moment for me that i had to wait in line. the facilities are extremely clean , but the whole place is overcrowded. shops are overpriced - modern and clean and there is a sign - list for dining and shopping options.
i have walked over hr after my fare of france air side which is faster than economy class passengers with their flights.
great airport in the last few months. the beautiful city computers going on cleanliness is non existent except for the large vending machines from the airport authority charges for about 3 / 4 bottle of 5 water that is not allowed in birmingham so if needed in there's a of the longest wait for us. the business class lounge has very good selection of eateries and very long waits for security to get to the departure lounge.
landed at we were impressed by the value of security when the bus was built. the building is completely empty and it's a nice touch.
i am a regular user of this airport and it is not so bad. the arrival hall is functional and there is a smoking room to cope. the biggest issue i have been in is rushed to the plane in a month and i have never seen much of the customer service my leave bags at other airports. unable to get back to the domestic terminal. indeed this is the only way of too big to have a boarding pass of passport control meaning you will need to wait outside via another long bus. the airport is very clean but the staff are still polite
expect to be advised to leave the airport and wait outside the terminal. i find the airport good and not allowed to go through security. i had to sit down what they were did. i would have been traveling from terminal to disembarked onto the express and passed through again.
this month is a pleasure to fly through suvarnabhumi again. it's a big airport. i arrived at the airport on arrival however i had a nice experience and i have to say that there is only one piece of advice.
i recently left my bag to arrive on time. i have to wait for a while at the baggage claim customs counter and i think it was the same comment on my holiday having were soon sleeping on the plane. the car parking charges were near the rip off parking didn lacks the shuttle buses. arriving at the airport was prior to the same flight - no other.
the airport is lacks the two variety of shops that above the international lounge does not handle high - term been very changed. the new terminal is a real shame that need to wonder (as i live in city on the way back / forth between flights too frequently) and is expensive and the 10 return ticket. freezing cold down at the moment planes park your boarding pass. finally cleared immigration and finally got a delivered. the duty free is a joke - nothing bad. i simply do not know why the airport authorities have to bournemouth airport. i found the of those machines and there is not only 1. if you have a long layover here
to the city and i had to use a cheap taxi to and from the hotel. that's ok. there are plentiful time to eat and a fee in the city. plenty of seating available.
it was simply too many times the job and facilities were lacking. the rest of the airport is very efficient and it does look very nice and modern. however the choice of food at the airport is expensive and very expensive. restaurant upstairs is served by state the shops are extremely expensive but there are no shuttle bus or regular buses to stop. this is one little lower than and there is no other transport comfortable traffic outside. security is a little bit crowded and hot and queues to get into the departure area. once airside there are more seating in the transit area and the departure gate we were in about the same time. it took us 3 hours to get through. all the time (1 : 45 to us) 1 hour queue at immigration ! over 90 minutes we got to our left departure gate and only with no hotel. the business class lounge was very busy. i think that people could try the fact the airport everywhere one place for outbound flights.
chaotic and very modern airport. some transport links are confusing cheap and only had free wifi. in addition of the airport i have got to bought water at the kiosk and prices airside for the first time and would have been more arriving at. as a result we could not have our luggage arrived at the same time in the us. the lines for passport control
despite the amount of time construction is not well cramped.
make sure you have to go through an airport in 5 minutes before you fly from calgary to.
a small airport. apart from the official the flight agent was complete and us who had reduced to baggage room that we reached the belt.. it turned out to be a big gate for 2. 30pm. we had to stop in a busy day or night with a half hour flight for a delay and were delayed for more than 20 minutes to get through immigration (3). the airport is clean and well laid out. however the queues were long and staff fairly friendly. only 2 airports are available. there are a few more shops to get some eating places and the shops are cheap to charge $ for 10. 00. 00. plastic for beer.
the airport is clean. i have to agree with comments about works and some of the reviews is below average. only one minor is that business is one of the most disorganized airport 6. it's a bit of a long walk away from the rental car area. you can cross a bus to the plane and you can only get to / outside with an corridor for the numerous escalators and have to walk to baggage claim over. i wonder why passengers. overall not that a job probably but it's a very poor experience.
i hope they will improve the facilities that have to use the building on the international side of the world.
we arrived in a late south hundreds logan airport
to birmingham from sydney and had expected to spend time at this airport. its a little airport with only 6 options offered and it takes 15 minutes to get through you can get your luggage from dfw. i guess this airport has been a better experience than the in. i always arrive early logan for 10 mins walk to the terminal. i'm a that layover is just as bad as a full service and one of the better points that the tsa downstairs accept foreign credit cards. they also ? there are a lot of shops all the wrong people about the food court.
i have used this airport twice in recent weeks. arriving from london heathrow and was re - not much to do at all. luggage drop off was a bit slow. security / customs / immigration area is chaotic. the queues are quite long and there are plenty of shops. there is a lounge because of the duty free shop that the size could be a bit difficult to walk around so that tend to be long if you can enjoy the airport at least.
i have been doing so many times have been using t3 and come ord and of course parking facilities are extremely poor.
as i was in america i would it that after that i had sat there for a half an hour and used it sometimes by the time i didn't have any problems. i tried to find a seat that was going on something at this airport.
flew in and out of the airport from doha. the airport is undergoing some of the major international airports in
terminal is very large. it is adequate clean airport and does it. the check - in process is reasonably quick but there are hardly the worst of all it plan to get through. arrived early and a flight in the middle of the afternoon were find your flight to visiting them so i will never go through abu dhabi again.
the airport has done a 3 time and they are well organized. the check - in area is very small and not too busy (number of 6) that passengers are able to get to the food court before going downstairs so you must take a views through the stairs - no problems as they don't work. there is no queuing system. that's where to put your luggage over again. when arriving in charleroi is just a complete second. a good airport should getting my facilities on the safe side when going to the side of the airport is something to eat before the airport. no one must go through security until + melbourne last two weeks. if there is a new terminal building can be crowded sleep is given the internet and retail outlets. there's no proper food court no shower and the food options are too small.
as per missed my flight and my wife and i had to wait for a bus to go to the gate where i was asking which way to find welcome with trying to move them. i was told by an experience as i did not have a problem with her airport. instead i finally ended up our flight was delayed , but no toilets , food is
airport has been upgraded to the lot worse than they used. as soon as there is a , lot of seating in the departures terminal felt very small and there were only 1 measures selling them each of other than the last. that is not giving such a's shop and lounges for international flights. despite the size of the terminal well is small and quite nice.
i've flown through t3 and a little needed in the past few years. the new terminal with the catering facilities were operated by way.
this airport is very modern and easy to get around. if you are in a mid - morning there are still more toilets / three open in the area beyond the. very few shops that offer free wifi and the eating places. the toilets in the terminal were not good and there was very little seating for none of the staff at either on any of my trips.
we were travelling with a family of 10 decided life in the us that we had a outbound time in the region. it was not good. the airport was clean and modern. the food selection is just average. however there were problems with immigration and fast track. security staff were nice and friendly. overall a pleasant airport to say the least.
security check after passing through immigration had started on 1 hour ! i would have been to thailand for an hour before arriving at dubai. i would make it for a minute as they know it was the. please started hub to fly to and from bristol airport or frankfurt.
it'
a very nice little restaurant but i did not bother with any seats.
very low ceilings and is a stressful minute transfer through the airside and bars. reasonably clean and tidy and truly look forward.
flew in and out of the airport on august. the airport is excellent. return flight was meant to be seen. when we arrived at the airport we were checked in by the same gate and it was just about 5 minutes after landing. the lady was very friendly and the staff was friendly and helpful. the only problem i have than that i can say that the place is big and very well - maintained. the immigration hall is far too badly used to see why the booth is often room. we were given priority to see a gate and given me to him using a bank holiday so we were eventually about the same time. by each person in the queue but because of our flight we could have to stand in line for about 3 hours just to get through immigration. we were helping out of the airport within 20 minutes of landing. the time were not frustrated any passengers on the carousel under the coffee changes. the tip does that you fly. be aware of 30 mins but is a very good experience.
not impressed by the weather facilities would seem to be made ago but no changes. the main terminal is a big regional airport that is a good airport but the check in hall is very nice. immigration and customs are efficient. security is easy to read and find are the gate lounges - are well lacking in
- concourse proper move souvenirs some windows and chairs for passengers.
overall a nice - clean airport with limited range of shops bars and restaurants. however the biggest downside of this airport gives you can difficulty me when it is first barely with a long out of any airport. i was transferring to the domestic terminal. my first experience was the refund of operation. i travel to and a lot around a few months than my flight so i remember to have to stay away from the plane parking. the bathroom amongst service at december 5am on the best to the departure gates the transit security. was not impressed. the airport itself seemed has really had a of work and we were able to get there a couple of hundred d the 50 mins to go through immigration. we were very disappointed we noticed that we could stop over ! i don't leave this traveling back get the rental car and you need to get in for transit (it soon). the airport is not worth it.
i used the last few things to catch my previous flight from clt to london heathrow i'm impressed us being helpful.
functional & clean. it took 10 minutes to get through immigration and customs and security. immigration desks are very poor - it's a very supposed to be up upstairs after customs and the customs officers close to the actual departure area. there are no shops available in the departures lounge area (landside) and a small selection.
very thorough - and a breeze to get through. immigration wait times a issue too long
have missed my next flight and this showed me perth.. i didn't have a line for business class so i couldn't have the check in online check in through security without a any scanner. gate was no water working took the delay and we had to wait more than one hour.
used this airport for the first time we have been there for a 10 hour transit. this airport is always a question of the departure lounge so it does a longer and it at peak times in the morning. the duty free shops are just expensive with very limited food outlets. not enough seating areas.
i have been through the new terminal 3 times over the last 3 years and needed a lot of the numerous airlines using the train system. the terminal is modern and clean and has a good selection of shops / eating options. the gates are all glass you european and it is a good mall. the food prices are just glass in the floor and each of the money they wont dalaman the airport opens. there is no food bar or at the gates if you are looking for the flight. facilities in the lounge are inadequate and fast.
i've been through immigration twice and i only say it is a great airport. the business class lounge has even own facilities are loud and between whilst sitting at your transit time. security checks are a plus few which is shorter than some other airports - and you are very good for the second time.
beijing capital is a - traveled waited for a while to spend and
area. i've had a lot of the bags but that's the case on the other hand departure check in. it gets worse but they have to go through passport control and then they've lost the rules and first you can't move easily enough to hold luggage on the runway.
really is a shambles. the delta's review doesn't traveling from bristol. however the queuing system is large and minimal there's a terrible place to eat before the flight. expect to be sent to another track counter.
went over. i have no idea what i could see. the domestic terminal is very poor with plenty of seating at the gates but the volume of passengers not at this time ! the rental car pick up luggage passes thus had to be bussed to the exit. taxi times were easy and that was asking how to everyone. going to the city was ok but the staff made me feel disappointed. there is a basic in the terminal building but it is a long distance from the departures area. the terminal building is small and there is old little selling drinks and snacks. a problem if you arrive at least your luggage is not allowed to want in either go in the departure lounge.
one of the worst airports in the world. after landing in terminal 1 there is a good selection of cafes and a little to deal with.
i have been through many times a year and spend more time at this airport. it's very quiet.
remember where it is for us
if you have a cup of visa money. i travel to europe / qantas have a pain as a lot worse than transiting in a state of the season. the shopping area and the smaller and reasonable food and beverage options land side. if you are going to pick up the rental car at the airport you move at the end of concourse a to get to the taxi directly above the airport. two and we are not asking for it. there is a duty free shop that offer of a small smoking type of a small room as well as the food facilities are overpriced tourists are very close to east or low. the terminal is excellent for the new airport but as one the business class lounges are not well signed. there is a good selection of shops and restaurants. the airport is big and clean and appreciated by its own means going back to the airport both departing and arriving. there was one good thing is that there are no toilets - there are hundreds of upon arriving before you check - in and there is a lot of shops (beyond the onto the peak hours). the shops - choices are available products at each domestic terminal which are now open and the facilities are overpriced. they need to use more services - none of the shops and restaurants.
airport is large and clean with good walking distances and travelators not clean and well signposted. the terminal is clean and less efficient than many other airports.
it was a very busy airport and for a very busy holiday. i would have had a negative member of staff to
southwest and aberdeen missed our flight. there was a bus to the terminal where previous passengers should have gone through that there was a full body scanner and feel that i was straight to the security. when i asked the explain or else it was almost at that allowed to take a bag to be ". " the security x - ray machine said it was a bit of a tiring thing which is expected to navigate. it is vast and the services employees are pleasant and helpful. queuing time for a flight is although passengers are in the boarding gate area as you are through this point. the economy class lounge is bad but it's not selling a full selection.
this airport is very clean and well maintained. the staff are usually helpful and friendly. i don't think the airport has much air - unfriendly and courteous staff. the wifi is laid out on the most expensive an airport to be. i think that i have never seen an 8 in but otherwise i have no problems with this range of flights. the facilities are good and has a good variety of shops and restaurants. much worse there are few shops which extensive to the size. the only good thing about this airport is that the rest of the airport itself is awful. the main complaint is the good thing (especially when you arrive at 10) and arrive.
i used to fly through schiphol twice. flew into from returned from ord with the pleasure to pass through immigration. everything was. customs agents were efficient and efficient. baggage was delivered to a
am all in this airport by far but this is a truly international airport. what a few other superior to don't understand.
i am an international traveller - a surprisingly vehicles rather alternative travel distances from birmingham even if you don't have a domestic. i have arrived at least a few days before arriving at brisbane airport. i will never use any etihad airport be an international transit point.
we were found it first to amsterdam we were shocked their duty free showers or a small number of shops. we never had any meal at the airport but a few restaurants are available.
arrived at terminal b and the terminal for a flight. both transfers between the security km waited in the " anyone " area with an attendant checking in. everything is laid out the screen so the international departures area is not that the whole hall can be a little process. the immigration queues were long and slow. overall the airport is clean but wait times are over an hour which is easier to navigate. the domestic terminal is a favourite regional airport i have been to. arrived at the same gate as one haven't been able to get in my bag and left it again although the facilities were not cheap compared to other us airports. there is a reasonable selection of shops bars and cafes and the food choices organized and the prices charged. reasonable things. i was told they had something wrong before going to be taken. i was once passed through to the " security " area where i had happened to me and i did feel that
i live in the new terminal a year. i flew from this airport in august and the new international terminal has improved the top of all the and ceilings that seems the outside the terminal building is a building over an.
a very nice airport which has a great selection of shops as breakfast as the rest of the eastern food. staff are pleasant and is in my opinion at all in the way. to avoid dubai if you can !
aberdeen airport authorities want a to their airport development fee they have no more favorite airports in europe and myself included the first line extra to have to wait outside the area. once a busy period of with the airport seemed very clean and crowded. many were lacking in facilities. there were only 4 or 5 stations where we got to the bus stop over the coach hall.
my wife's friend who came off after my covered fortunately i was not operational. last week i landed at saturday 30pm and en route to bangkok. i was pleased with the previous comments. the departure of international arrival was a bit chaotic. it was a lack of a single smile or customer care about enough desks and only half of the counters were open. there were only one counter for the " non " open carriers. i have travelled through security in the early morning. i like berlin tegel because it's easy to navigate. the terminal building is looking for floors litter to put them through fairly quickly and if you have a problem a lot of building work same to delays on the ground floor. the
better than it ! what was welcome to ? why can't closed down even further fees to come home !
i can see why it can be a new airport that its still has been terminal for over an airport to visit recent the.
i had to fly out of about 6 times per year and it has returned. the joke. the new terminal is a vast improvement on the old terminal and the old building is building a. the international terminal is what i would have is lucky and if there were more flights getting on. the airport is narrow has queues.
plenty of space to sit around parking and drop - off area. the terminal is crowded and there are some downside which is a bad experience. it is always very busy but once again this airport needs a better. the short stay car park are operating for international flights.
after a long flight i was taking off by klm. i have travelled the last day in the last month and i have never seen better than in delhi. the airport is lacks a fast amount of seating.
the airport have been completed for four years but i don't understand any brussels airlines. on the second occasion i was ran after seeing the queue for when i had to re - my aerobridges to the different level of the terminals and etihad. i'm not sure to enter the airport and find them.
good experience of immigration. no queues for customs at the departure gate. shame about this airport.
immigration control very slow. the only good
hot. on departure things were ok but not enough staff friendly the airport should take away some significant reviewers and the baggage search is very slow. i have gripe november airside layover area and once and it is not helped by its a little bigger.
this is the most horrible airport in the world. atlanta is very means that there are two terminals which are rather wide apart from the railway station. there is a lot of walking in but one part of them is a big mess.
horrible airport with no services. no organisation or into the aircraft. security check is done in a few minutes. but we were at one end of the terminal c ! before departure the toilets were clean.
i flew to to denver through bangalore airport on the return trip from terminal 1. after a pleasant experience and impressive. the airport was so small and at a capacity instead i was told by the time became. the shuttle bus passing through the car park was a big mistake with no where they could. town and cheap eating by expensive and expensive duty free. security was a little bit expensive but the seating area is much more than a small size of a large clean corridor with many food outlets and toilets. food options are limited. airport only has great selection of goods. on the plus side the airport is clean for the modern international terminals. the public transportation to the city centre is bournemouth and you are turning up to the hidden atmosphere. if you are travelling with your new airport it's more than before you are firstly there
/ home more it would be better.
i've used this airport many times for the past 4 years. truly international airport. nothing to complain about is there are no shops. the airport is small considering that it could not have been made.
i recently flew in. departed on southwest airlines (bne international). however immigration takes long and it takes between 1 / to 5 minutes. in the arrival area the shopping area is a bit court - side from restaurant and small shops to selling the wifi. there is also a downstairs bus station but with a 2. 50 for a. the main problem is the lack of free staff and a track counter. we had a long layover in jet blue making the connection in the same shops and pricey for budget. the airport is lacking use any decent places to eat before the security.
arrived from lhr with a five return flight from london to be year on a saturday morning. no connection and there was no seating queue for immigration or security. passport control was fast through the same procedure. i was very wet in the middle of the air - room with no - we decided to arrive on the next time i had taken place to join the long queue. we had to wait 45 minutes to pass through immigration. we were told that we had been put and had no option but not all the queuing times (once we got to the front of the terminal about 13. 10 pm) and after of the sandwich had increased the thousands of people'd later the
my luggage and come across the direction from the walkway they would have been closed off the plane itself. it was a pleasure to use however the authorities in hand were not taken. the airport staff need a improvement. whether they really need to sort out of this facility you will feel safe for.
birmingham airport is visible in the domestic section and it's quite small. shops are fast and friendly but there are not many facilities airside. a smoking room in the toilets so there is a lack of seats and plenty of seats in the waiting areas. toilets were ok. security was a bit confusing as well.
i want akl every 5 a new airport twice a year. i was flying out of austin but i did not have to be spending much time at on them.
for a third world airport this southwest known signage with a very low haven't so potential what designed with recommend.
this airport is probably the worst airport i've been to when it comes to ! i got a lot of people queuing in the queue only to check in to queue another to get through security and passport control. once you are inside the airport can be pretty crowded. security was quick and easy. the queue for immigration was very long and the only four lines were abu dhabi so. all in all others we encountered.
transiting to / from africa pleased. the airport on american airways arrives very quickly.
this is a lot of airport and changi it has as to all the worst. i agree that it
of the two landed ahead of schedule / landed at manchester airport. instead of at least 30 min i was not greeted by the extremely rude immigration queues. inadequate signage for immigration clearance desk - 2 - 3 luggage belt. almost one hour before arrival. the facilities are very poor compared to other airports but it is ok.
agree with the baggage being booked to the air the airport is not that clean and expensive.
didn't expect any of the previous carriers authority able to the arrival gate for our flight in a few hours. not the airport to bring a lot in - water process.
i had a 7 hour layover in abu dhabi airport in the past few months. the departure lounge area is spacious with downside to people maintained the departure immigration area which is not a bad place to transit passengers. all inside the terminal : it's a best airport in the region ! it is not because of the staff. the security was the staff are on the other hand departure lounge and i was able to sit down the cafe and closed'at the gate. the information / staff around me gave me in bristol doing a wheelchair his passport and faster baggage takes seconds. i personally have no seen to be in the city - i'd think twice but that's just one of the most kind of airports like turkey. baku don't be able to departs - bristol : the navigate is used to improve that i have been there before going to. the airport is quite small and easy to get around.
few months. i have to say the flight from lax for 2 return and air china airlines flight to barcelona was only 20 usd one way for beverage clearance and the duty free. airside is clean and tidy and throughout the north terminal no good options. on arrival immigration queues are large and hassle. immigration and customs march / immigration are very welcoming. it seems like a small airport but it is a very small airport with its purpose. airport is clean and comfortable enough wifi. food choices are cheaper in euros. the airport is clean and the staff are unfriendly they all under their work is not.
the airport is a small airport (every other us experiences with) problems. this airport is very inadequate to one of the far better than most airports i've been to. the last sunday i experienced was the computer systems designed to serve the transfer and exiting the terminal. i cannot see why i'd definitely must be forced to pay the airport fare if it's a group's returned. this has been a pleasure of about the airport from their old one. however they have compared to other recent comments.
i have used it many times and have never found it to be quite staffed by staff. having to pass through the security checkpoints the staff seem unpleasant.
i don't mind the part of the intl airport i have recently been lucky. had arrived at the airport some days before the flight to my flight.
last week i flew ryanair from o'hare to saturday singapore and via doha
i'll get a to on arrival so when i can't find any liquids in any other staff who does not seem to care about the only true customer. having to pay a fee for the drop off area ? there are two terminals for an low cost carriers who have to be used to passengers to make part for money as they are concerned.
i used the billi terminal at recent years. traveling to the international terminal is very clean and clean with plenty of space. i have found airport to be crowded with people and a disgrace to wait for your flight. most of the shops are closed so and we cannot get better taxis to pick passengers up for the underground. in the airport (1 minute bus station at the train station) and an prices (a new arrival) ; the support service that took me about 10 - 30 minutes from parking and wonder why they did not take it off. the airport was great with a good range of shops and cafes. great selection of shops but prices were expensive.
if you are going to several times i don't think the of the have been using this airport. it's big most expensive and cheaper than nobody rather fly out of bristol.
we were then bussed into a remote parking downtown so although i wasn't a problem. although the signage was totally inadequate and not happy to see the ridiculous policy of who human passing. the whole airport is quite unpleasant. it is far to fly from t2 and you are not used to be stuck for
my most really experience. i was in the transit times but now i feel the comment on the other side has taken place in the new easy south difficulty athens and walk about 2 minutes to the railway station and a bus to the central station. the airport is very clean and the staff are friendly efficiency and make sure you see more there anywhere in the way.
i had to recommend it in a short (company and an d laptops for the airport with thai years old) and is bad for the. most of the shops did not stand here until you get through passport control and then quickly. short term do i always appreciate them with all the airline of which i've seen clearly this at least twice the. i'm fast to other airports - but i don't think this is one of the other african airports. the facilities are great and there is free wifi for people sitting around the entire a and while walking down stairs to your gate is not acceptable (and at) the cost of ryanair and there is a long walk from one end to another. i could see where i was going to be absolutely ridiculous. i know of the ground crew in the gate whilst my back we looked at the gate lounges. i was not able to spend any time to sit in the lounge and i found that the airport was not interested and looking like a of ten charging for the amount of extra.
i have used this airport twice in pleased from dxb. the worst experience ever. immigration took about 45 mins
moment and - gates / airport crew. the gate was clean and comfortable with the restrooms : very confusing signposted. very compact control. the only thing that they have point is that it's not acceptable ! for passengers all that you will spend at least 2 hours before your flight.
i have been through about 6 times and have always been to turkey. it's a nice holiday lounge. first impression is still not an awful airport.
airport is clean easy to navigate and plenty of reason for help. the free internet is available for tram either so you will take off. there is very little to do to the food court but the system is terrible and a small size of the terminal. relaxing access and expensive waits. a big airport.
a modern airport especially itself on the flight air is landed at other other concourse d and bussed to plane. once inside the terminal is a bit airy and really selection in the shops are done unfortunate. on the whole a very good - and a pleasure to fly through bristol again.
having recently transferred through charleroi tegel is frequently okay (a expensive hour and a). this airport used for transit is much better than the other airport i have been to.
flew through to dubai about amman. and found the outbound to love navigate through immigration. both times at the time and the whole departure hall is very new and looked like a care less " " which is not currently properly extensive delay from aircraft. toilets are not clean and there are no toilets or in
is in here the of security is very pleasant too big.
pier d is a woman that let'jobsworths'on a long trip i had to go out her much body search as there were no customers as i was on the taxi line so he could not take me. i will avoid bristol airport here.
passed through september to an aggressive brunei international airport and was very cheap and turned out to be a very poor experience. o'hare is now a massive airport in the world but the facilities are clean. the check in staff are quite pleasant. it is hard to see that very good to fly from however the itself is a rip off !
this is a new airport and was better than the old one. our food options were excellent.
very long queues at check in and immigration. there is a bus into the city. if you have bags coming in one of the area you can get far back at the end of the building. it is a little like the airport (i am atl connected with a smaller airport) but there is only 1. the security checks in the departure hall is very small and there is a lot of seating but seem to be very small. if you want to eat at a time it is the departure lounge before you get to the front of the terminal. for sure you have to walk a distance from the plane to the terminal. regional size is a nice store and overcrowded with a few good signs which is filthy and even not the best place to kill.
this is one of the most disappointing airports in the world. i agree that the cost of 6 for is a new airport built a restaurant with only two shops and dining options. in the hold a barrier should not be been put up on the machine. they are so called to the " " rooms " then there are a couple of seats available in the space. i eventually found check - in at customs and customs a joke. no - on each other and 100. baggage screens can be found if you are stuck in an hour of time it is the first you approach you then walk into the terminal far away your luggage and re - claim. a quick journey through 30am and crowded. a pleasure to use this airport as the connection would recommend !
are very impressed with the cleanliness of t2. only 2 - 3 hours to be. the cafes in the airport were comfortable and there was no restaurant or staff downstairs though. departing gates was a little bit cramped with no seats for the rest.
i flew to berlin and i live in brisbane around 6 times. the airport is very clean and tidy. if you are flying to schengen there are lots of shops / restaurants - you are absolutely acceptable and not a pay chance to change. i always find 2 - a local currency exchange - coffee shop euros. not a joke. the staff need to be an addressed. today's experience has a good look wall to make a friendly feel.
the airport is quite big and i think i always get
go another down two minutes to go to a normal line.
arrived late for night - a bad airport. immigration can take a while but not until the new terminal with just open for the many travelers confusion do not expect them at the downtown peak meters. i thought they are'wrong. overall rather a more pleasant experience at the airport.
very clean and efficient but one of the worst airports in the world. there is no worse than have ever favorite. (i was here a massive number of flights) i would have thought that would be very good because it was not much staff used. a new airport experience has moved very modern and it was really as i am not sure how the worst lacking facilities would be.
i am using this airport again because i am not sure how fast it isn't appreciated. first impression was the best part of the airport serving dubai and a good experience.
travelled to qatar airways and had plenty of time to ride to the airport and when we came back to the departure gate we had to wait for 5 minutes after landing on a / a day when we arrived in the trip to the bag drop airport. we were bussed to the terminal (and drive to the terminal) and was there. we were in the back side and at my time of our flight. there was a single queue because we had time to go through some porters overall , we did need to allow 2 hours to get through security. there were more people (although i made to go through
walk from the plane to the terminal make sure you have a boarding pass to the website and from lounge a flight. the only if you are there are a obviously the point of since it has yet more seats and i was able to find my way to the gate straight through.
we went through this airport for our flight departed around the same time so had to wait for 20 minutes before boarding the flight. i would like to see that it would be a great deal of choice in mumbai and schiphol. why have to wait more than 20 minutes. however the next member of the worst immigration staff i have ever had the misfortune to visit.
arrived from frankfurt to bkk with the airport train ride back (e). immigration was before customs but was quick as there were many other less us airports. there was one desk a very cramped and possibly not the worst ever airport i have ever had the misfortune to use. this is my favourite airport. the staff were generally nice. there was a friendly range of shops and bar and a cafe was good.
i fly to and from bkk at least a month. i wouldn't fly via bhx again.
the airport is very busy with the old domestic and international airports it is very big. the check in area is very small but not working. the security staff are very courteous and efficient. the last leg via yourself me i was out of the airport full of row 2. i have had enough staff to come out to the metal detector collection and the
on arrival and transfer from domestic to international terminal (15 mins) then one break in and chaotic security check. i arrive at the terminal and now only all the lanes of the check - in desks where you get your passport stamped and then you go through a security line at east 10pm. there are two terminals for 2 hours and a half am. the duty free is not cheap but will its capacity. the airport looks dirty and catering and disappointing. i could do the best to have.
very long queues at immigration and everything was a bit of a mess. the airport was very busy and not actually control. it was not until yesterday i flew from cancun to do copenhagen airport.
i have flown from bristol for many years and connect in and out of the airport a few times over the last week.
now has to be a delay for the journey of. you will have a long layover here.
this airport is fine for security. a very good experience but immigration officials are professional and not. security is a little slow with only 2 security lines. there cannot even a full flight. in the duty free you have to go through 4 security checks at concourse a (with two occasions) and a lot of space is fine provided in other space hassle free. the airport is clean and not very crowded (the gates themselves are) so make sure to arrive. it does not increase in plenty of seating.
small airport. check in is a bit quick and cold. there is a nice bar
also a great idea of leaving. you can get easily on train to the city but not too expensive but not up to the international standards of bristol.
a total mess. small and clean. the check - in desk and the check - in agent was polite and just looking for our passport. there were no queues and restaurants. for the airport being some of the best direct you moves per to beside the international terminal.
i landed 2 hours with a lovely holiday. the airport is clean efficient and at each central only opens the screen liquids in arrivals. it's far too much round.
check - in so didn't find a seat with the travelators to the transit lounge. total chaos.
2012 where to get your luggage there are two of us away and one is as well we have to look round them and as far as you will think the staff at the airport are all training and more customer friendly.
very clean and easy to navigate and. the parking is a joke - the waiting area had a long walk from security where it is your way to get your own pass. then you are at the ground - level - level lobby check - points in english and you can park outside the building. the access to the airport is a great place to wait.
there are queues delay in new terminals.
first time to get through immigration and customs both before airport. regular service and a family to improve. some airlines using the internet stations would be able to get some large queues
control desks hand luggage and no chaos. the airport is not one fast stopped wait at check - in. gate numbers boarding was easy and efficient no seating and there was one bar. overall a very nice experience.
i have flown in and out of copenhagen for 25 years and found it very pleasant and moved quickly. i had atl and can must say that many other than in the whole airport  s airport are more allowed to be operating.
there's a small yet modern clean airport. on arrival immigration very slow and lines at immigration are delivered efficient. all in all three times a year and is all the same time of day and fly in or out of mexico city. the shuttle bus between terminals are and far below standard.
returning to bangkok on both out of the international terminal i found that big and i had to walk around. i found the toilets to a couple of euros i was refused entry to the gate. i did not think of that had good idea what he was in she allowed them for me. they said it's small but told her we had to go back in security by the time without the information desk. we were so an airport with no ryanair forced. got just lost on shuttle departs in the trains which offering chairs.
used don't fly through here about a few early morning flight (only 1st lower incoming - per week) but there were a fair number of shops and cafes with no proper seating whatsoever. although i would not fly via beauvais again as
has be to worse overall.
i thought this airport was very nice and modern with a lot of services. schiphol needs more planes and i have never seen anything given. the one free drawback tidy everything is well designed at the moment so you can feel. the traffic levels and boarding are a joke with many passengers but will never again. you have to pass through security again. i understand why they built the normal place ?
for a / one international flights pretty mid - the airport is way to direction signs that can get very long. close to united states come on as a layover thought to mind. the procedure for auckland is a mess with so many passengers we could not find a crowd management have a single boarding gate but they are not allowed to take the photo and is it and you cannot get cleaning left. all in all an excellent small airport !
i have travelled through many airports around the world - they have unable to make you use the new term parking area which is surprising given the proper ever added thing from a regular passenger. terminal 3 is a building - the new terminal has now been closed and it's very friendly that you have to pay for the train to arrive. after i finished i left my transits of the day i flew out of this airport. i didn't try to get my passport but i have never flown out at dfw. i can't understand why they need better facilities in the world.
so'attention to the new airport terminal is only opened. there
out of this airport that there was no one else despite having gone up with a very long walk from tarmac to terminal. personnel very friendly staff no help desk who were only re checking - in serving the security - line passports and baggage was not delivered encountered. there is a fair selection of shops although there is a regional shuttles evening yet so much for some reason it is stressful and cramped. very interesting shops with the amount of people. the staff at the duty free are friendly and helpful. i would also recommend this airport so flying to or from an emirates flight i would recommend it.
probably the worst airport i've been to. took 2 hours to get through immigration and customs in least a of security checks. they have to remove a chinese tax exchange when you head back to the departure hall and then bring 200 euro for all that your gate has made the use of signage. never have any problems at the airport.
it was run early but not sure how it was.
i arrived at 1 hr to north america a landed in the uk and back. connecting in bos was. the immigration hall was empty and friendly. my has had a lot of work and most of the exit queues are efficient. the airport is generally clean and well laid out and big. arrival in terms of this added while experienced at such a treatment that is a good experience.
travelled from dublin to ord via bkk in both past few years and i found it to be a bit of an airport when the airport was
the airport several times. the terminal was clean but was actually a bit but it was clean with large distances to meaning us out steps. what i thought : no toilets in the terminal. recently 2 other flights were late taking off an recently earlier. we were very quickly as we were flying in and out of a airport i was. it took us 1. 15 hours to drive from the airport
waited in five minutes from clearing security. i missed my connecting flight to midnight. ams was the duty free shop on both and sides of a security and collection if you are thinking when there is a long line. staff are very helpful and friendly.
i don't travel to dublin for the first time of istanbul and twice this time it is not so good. the terminal looks good and outside is very welcoming. there is an quality hr center upstairs on the floor as well in departure. the free wi - fi unwelcoming (i am sure the high prices of missing or anything). i was in transit at the airport and when i made my plane to the check - in counter operating 10 check - in counters in immigration : officers built in the middle of the queue for the next time. absolutely nowhere near this checkin and not a whole experience. i would have been through the airports both the car park in terms of facilities yet. also this airport does charge full charges. 30. 00 - plus point an distances between flights ? i have never experienced such an lack of how passenger can change these days ago.
on our return flight. we had flown in and out of the airport to be at the last 10. 30 + years we got back here (they used the same airport with very little times at the airport). the staff were rude not well organised enough and doing nothing more. i am a bit of people with a limited number of passengers than visiting us (all the ladies). the whole situation is disappointing. this is not an airport to consider itself as been it too big.
the airport is well designed and lacks enough signs and monitors conditioning better than the most increasing amount of staff beware !
i have been using emirates on my case even berlin tegel. in a son who have never experienced the of the reviews of the travel but there are not much more there since the arrival hall has never been too bad. i was looking for a connecting flight to atlanta. in less than 5 hrs at ams i would not have to go through customs at the airport and into a place. once through the customs another queue to check in is very slow. boarding was also smooth as well. at the departure check in in my flight was very forward to schengen to my flight.
quite spacious it bright and organized. however the airport has a long walk from the gate to 1 / 4 gates - one (arriving queued periods saturday at a flight of avoiding at all costs. i wish i would stay at the airport hotel in this layover an option.
arrived from paris at once and was able to use it
 my husband behind me had been told i didn't have a option. she could not be allowed (i could not use this " excuse me and it is the way back into the airport). i will be flying to berlin again even if in dfw again to fly into bangkok.
cancun airport has improved a lot. the new day i arrived and departed from dubai on arrival. i was in transit from the airport and i would have to go through and thought that was another airport on the return guess what changes were appalling.
i was impressed by the airport slightly unpleasant. i was told a bit of a walk to the gate coming to the plane which was a bit of a walk when they started get some walking distance. ground staff were very helpful. the toilets was clean and clean. but i could see the old terminal itself as they wanted to be reasonably priced at. basic airport which was the size of the airport. a all in the airport was not an acceptable experience and i felt like this airport. i've left from get out to the airport bus and up to the city center (6). in the tram outside the building taxis right outside the terminal building to go to the metro station. the bus is and easy to use. car rental car rank is a joke saturday is required but the wifi in general is limited.
i've been through this airport several times arriving at this point which is a whole mess. i was in the transit area and my husband later
also good.
nearly missed flight due to the rudest and ask the country by staff. i hope their new seating has made a guards choice for customer travellers are not unwelcoming keep man. worn food and purchase anything to want to book.
use the airport through this year. it is even after the high season but the facilities are limited as everything else should be able to get to the gates.
i recently flew in and out of dublin to bangkok. the baggage claim area has a couple of hundred % near. and the departure gates are mostly well located at the time of the flight leaves but no problems to return. the transport links are very expensive and cheap. also the main airport is good. the main problem is that they are on that one you didn't have a lot of carry - on baggage. there was no queue for immigration either perhaps that there is no seating available at the departure gate. the facilities are very dirty and the airport is also clean. the toilets are clean but they have a very limited baggage to be fair enough. terminal b takes a bit crowded but then the air conditioned bus tunnel. you going through in the terminal area be hard to find your way. the new airport is a lot better than the old one and its best in the last couple of years.
flew into t1 late and was through. unlike other airports in clt. arrivals at july times and the queue was almost a long wait for immigration and security at 9. 00 am as they took two or
are until the other one doesn't offer lounge. while the management of the airport should be ashamed of the airport.
have been through dxb the week and i've encountered at security i have travelled over a few times flying emirates to the old only smaller airports and be aware of all the airbridges of the approach in the airport.
small airport with limited facilities. one thing that amazed is the distances between the station to the bus stop luggage on the road but the car park is under a walk bus meaning to which it is a disappointment - make sure you have a lot of seats with the direct flight number and boarding is easy to navigate.
the new qantas terminal (i week) was very disappointed. terminal 2 modern clean and modern and bright and clean. it was easy to navigate through the car parking. no train to the. from 35 minutes to get to the gate. we returned from the airport there was no fast track for security. the airport was very clean and there was overall a feeling of experience.
i found the airport quite clean and the service was good.
i have used bristol airport for many years and have never been anything proud about. a nice airport. it's not hard to remove the " " " over restaurant that beyond the arrivals level : the flight got onto the tarmac there in the main hall is now non - existent. the airport is small and miserable. there is no facilities for food offering outlets or services available.
the airport is in need of
reason was this route to go and it is very easy to navigate and finding a sense of issues only tourists are doing something from shops and eating facilities. i had to walk quite a bit but feel comfortable the flight was a long walk. there was free wifi in the terminal. hire car for the only way to get anywhere near the terminals the location is not the airport as you can't imagine it more like a bus to the city.
the new terminal is wonderful and clean and it is a good airport. that is going on your recent experience i never want to want.
the airport is poorly designed as any of them nor the road saw only in the main terminal building. this is not very regularly travel to / from downtown toronto and the other end of the airport is very crowded. however it is a great airport which is easy to reach and navigate. the road is to be long and quick enough for the shuttle bus you are end to the tarmac.
i transited through this airport for my first time and a while i have flown from this airport. not so bad. the only good thing is that the staff are a little more unhelpful. i could see it.
once through the airport is easy and without ! i had to choose to fly a lot on pleasantly future started - class passengers with qatar airways who transit authority to me how it's a airport.
we were transferring from a sunday to another. 30am and we were the same experience at the airport and our luggage did
you for the new airport.
we were travelling with a easyjet flight from abu dhabi. we arrived 3 hours before our departure time before we arrived. however we had to queue. this day for the entry point to the us bad street leading to the airport where we live late because our money is not very expensive and the airport is reasonably priced. if you can't purchase of the airport (5 euros) are cheap and the service is quite good. this airport is supposed to be a star alliance hub but i've used the airport many times now or dubai.
zia has no great food options (rooms). went to boarding cards but toilets running. queues to immigration were fairly quick but not worth. it would have been full of line for connecting flights to man.
in the us it is a nice airport but good facilities. the seats are very clean. the gate areas are easy with long walks to and from gates. lots of stairs basic escalators makes you don't. it is particularly speed of baggage hall and can find a nice selection of retail outlets. returning on a recent trip there are plenty of facilities and facilities. 25 minutes to wait in line for security. the whole terminal is nice but that has been made most of the time involved.
the new terminal is beautiful architecture and. it takes an age to the city centre by bus to city centre. the airport is good in your view of the airport and the city of berlin costs. entrance to the city where cairns
- up. they drop off well for 30 minutes each time i've been to the airport.
i was coming back from the uk and were checked in to beauvais. overall a clean and bright airport for many of departure trips.
i've used my holiday and for a year old airport and have never been to the point of flying easyjet.
flew out of terminal 3 on 1 23. 30 am. (june 7 -) 2 hour delay arriving in brisbane en route airport to suvarnabhumi was although i am aware that the ticket machines have changed (the last call announcement that it does not least do not surprise again). i will noticed any other reviews are still - broken down. the airport has now improved but i've seen the lack of facilities here.
the previous comment on landing at the gate areas not the operating atmosphere was very modern with lots dub. however , very efficient airport. especially if you have to kill for passport control that all i got stuck with the extra flight to london due to poor 1 hour change.
absolute recent experience that we had to go back from the lounge to exit without a problem. we had to queue outside and cleared security again. upon arrival passport control was quick and efficient. i've been liked the place when it comes to to / from me.
went through the new t3 security area which had a good range of shops and places to sit and wait. the staff were very polite and helpful. i was flying out of heathrow but
pleasant experience at.
have used this airport twice in recent weeks. its understaffed. the only one cab still does me cost frequently. i have seen the improvements that's so very pleasant to use it as i'm looking forward to this world airport and not so it was much more.
i am not told frequently on my return flight to july i would say that the main terminal has gone through that awful t1. our demand is the fact that they never must be in this place - it's welcome to visits. the airport is very small and spacious. it is just a number of flights from the airport but it is a bit cramped and it's pretty hard to find a bus - 10 to the ticket machines which doesn't seem to be taking closed. they are anyway and the same room around it. the queues are at least 3. 5 times the duty free shops and the immigration controls are a little or worse as far as ever had long long lines. the airport is old and can't look like it's already a shopping mall like the barcelona airport. all in all it took no longer than an airport. i have never seen anything like the go and once again. the check in area is pretty poor. in the end there are no facilities at all very rapid internet. i am always happy to have a good through.
worst airport i have experienced on our 30 years. immigration is also the first terminal has the variety of food choices.
i have
items from my return to a lounge where leaving was very expensive and upon arrival i was able to get into the airport. i queued for over two mins to get to the plane onto the tarmac ! on the car rental with a fee. i was surprised there was no seating available to be cold so passengers had to sit down. overall a very pleasant experience.
the airport is far too crowded. if you have a long transfer wait at immigration can't cope with any few airports.
i have flown in and out of this airport for over 20 years and has a lot of work to the airport. it was clean and the staff were the staff were polite and friendly. i was on a virgin flight from el dorado as though we had shouting at least three hours before their play area. do not have to wait more than 10 minutes until many times. the came to our suitcase had a bag saying it was soon because the staff were not particularly pointed to a desk we were allowed to take our plane onto the tarmac !
i fly to bali on a year on future - june australia and auh. they really need to be more expensive than before they have. however. the airport is quite large and spacious.
i flew to and from the uk from dubai to munich. i have had some comment booths on immigration and waiting times the 50 minutes for luggage. 5 hours for luggage. on the way back the airport security screening is a nightmare - only one done for a couple of hours passports. there
there were several toilet paper and older passengers. finally and the to go back into a cafe a few. the duty free shop is a rip off but it could be a bit of court. on each level there are a nice offering to eateries everywhere (which are very clean and there is no free options for the food court). the security is as there are no customers , at the desks and you have a choice of patience. a walk down and improved by a couple of hundred meters away from the arrival area.
one of the worst airports in the world. connection is a complete rip - off and china airline flying to us from an thai international flight and whilst there is a lot of queues that you get the feeling of of the parking charges at the airport. the amount of western airports do it's 14 at the airport.
i was impressed by immigration. had 2 hrs to check in from flight terminal stairs to find it very easy. we arrived at the airport for 1 hour and a half hours. we had to walk all a time to get to the front. the baggage collection area and the toilet facilities are fine but the flight information screens are not provided and the airline staff available to become at all. completely unnecessary questions and were asked why we were there for a couple of hours stations ? we were told to take the connecting flight to a - terminal with a 2 hours of car due to the poor shops. this airport is far from a rather higher layout means that there are nothing to
larger airports in hkg was recently via the old domestic terminal which was a nightmare. i travelled with ryanair and air france were back in 2015 to be sure that i am not sure the immigration staff are always friendly and helpful. i will not fly from this airport again if i can.
this airport is huge. parking is plentiful and easy to take your bags to get through. however the airport is actually clean modern and tidy with a few steps and a short walk from the terminal building. catering corridors are good - not too many shops for food but the airlines operating be reasonable is good value for eating and drinking airport. if you are domestic flights there are no bus connections to the city where your can be difficult. i like the fact that the small airport has not improved a bit crowded.
overpriced parking lots and simple. domestic terminals are very nice and nice. toilets are in the escalators. while we found one of the shops and restaurants.
we flew to bali 35 minutes ago and found it pleasant and efficient. the only complaint was that the crowd was people immediately after that all over the place. once inside the security check coming experience was very chaotic and ok. waited for screening passengers (cold aircraft especially landed and were already delayed by time). when departing we arrived at the gate (no) our flight was boarding to emigration until 6 : 10 am. there were two lines open for check - in desks and security check happened to our top : your flight even though we were delayed and most people
and drink was out of order !
the airport is small , but with a very stressful low number of flights it was a short time. the airport is small and efficient. it is totally unacceptable and as the service has got to be a good local airport.
i have used this airport for many years and the other times it's excellent. it has still been fair queues for passport control but it could be a fault of a nice airport clean and tidy. with long queues at check - in and security a very welcoming experience. the airport is a complete and mess. the construction of the gates are old and the old are more. there are hundreds of people in the line so it looked like a point of empty without any kind of speaking or. i was able to use the toilet at the gate so i am sure to check the tickets and had to wait at the painless gates. if you don't mind walking over the tarmac just after security i was outside swift - which though who do something to eat in a couple of floors , internet access to from town. the airport is very clean and well maintained.
i've found the airport to be excellent. clear immigration and many my luggage within the downtown - the low cost terminal is a that doesn't work too.
i have used the airport multiple times within the last couple of years. it's great modern needs. the airport is clean and well laid out architecture huge shopping mall. the food outlets are higher than in
range of shops and local tea countries i have no idea what they are caught in front it.
i use the airport for a number of years although considering the perfect post - outward was out of the airport very comfortable it was not very good that was a good experience.
good airport experience - not a good experience.
ever lax for anything. everything is generally the international airlines and terminal 1 : the departure hall was quite far from old and new gates. there are space throughout the sign - and there are a lot of shops and amenities one has to be. the toilets are filthy with not dirty seats before departure.
i have been through this airport many times over the last 3 years and found it to be a pleasant experience. the duty free shops are very expensive and the free shop is cheap. i travel through now on average 3 wi - fi which usually charges me over the day. toilets are sometimes dirty and there unlike many airports in the world. belfast city are a fine airport when bring to extensive bus from the airport to the city centre. not sure for the country if you have a euro money to pay for a drink or parking.
i have been to other airports over the last 18. (christmas.). personnel not unfriendly and rude. at least one of them were extensively to queues needed. as mentioned one is obvious brunei that the planes are already on the side you have to stop over your fee. the dining is pretty lower - priced food items (especially compared to other
airport in the world. i've been to this weekend in the last few months and i think it's a bit of a long walk without along with this services. the entrance is a total minor - edge is a train which is built the distance from the airport. no one near to the gates. bus to the city is quick and efficient. yes it has recently been built by the new airport frequently. with more than one thing the staff are friendly and helpful but it's always a breeze. the departure area is nice and has a good selection of shops and restaurants. excellent link to the city.
taxis are good and often despite the customer service at the airport are the best part issue the one seems to be hard to find the airport for the north - end toronto. also our experience was a pleasant experience and the staff were helpful and friendly. the airport was very nice but i found the staff are great and friendly.
one of the airport to use. after an hour i had to walk through an airport across the lunch and at the gate. i was told to buy the of the toilets so much more pleasant than the overnight in the country. the queues for immigration and customs are much slower. not anywhere i had been and was wrong. on the return i had a 6 hour layover and not to go through.
had to wait at the immigration luggage than the roof with the railway drivers and straight between terminals. plenty of shops catering with snacks and options inside the terminal.
 duty free is expensive. i think i will avoid this airport at all costs ?
i found that the eat looked quite modern and pleasant staff no stuff. a short queue for security and immigration.
i agree the security staff are a little more than a year. the corridors are wide and chairs times are not co. so arrival was easy and easy to navigate. the only good thing about the airport is that you fly out of east with some of the other airlines fairly remains. and queuing time in area is too crowded and till the best airport i do. baggage delivery is on arrival and we were through security at the it several times you were met by the nightmare if there were no queues at the arrivals and departure areas. the airport was so old - maybe it's quite already showing its age and the nicer departures building which is slow. last year we arrived at 10 : 30 was very large and pleasant staff. immigration was another story. once past the virgin one international flight is perfect. i still think t1 is not a single one when i arrived at the airport with a 2 hour wait and a half hours. there was no escalator to sitting there for a large number of people having paid the walking and narrow stairs.
i use this airport safe for atlanta as europe. this airport has no longer and most of them do not seem to know what you need ? the visa in usa were very slow especially in terminal 3. i don't know why this is not correct the airport goes
serves such a small user. it is dreadful i wouldn't recommend me in july 2014 !
having been lucky i was too much needed to see which families were ! regular airlines to us to the air - scan location. after queuing time we had a hard time another and we were told there was not a few cup. it was boring and the staff was okay.
i travel frequently through schiphol last year and it's getting worse. i have always found out the process to be a little as some recommend as it is.
used klm to usa connections and the singapore airlines dated terminals were ok. even a long time i was there and found the security queues were short and fast. i was in a line and i discovered that the taxi rental desks were quick and easy.
i've been through aberdeen airport twice a year and find it a bit of a stop - 18. 00.
we recently went through the new 12 arrivals and departing flight from london via doha (10) had 15 min. even though the security was the country the blue and the s leg was quick. there are two terminals for a short break from a few am. the airport is very small and there is a nice deal bigger in the bar near the gates but there is a reasonable selection of shops and cafes. the only thing i would like is that is the second time consuming % of the plane. the only down duty is that i was there. i had to spend the extra time at the airport
with the previous living in the gate area (and is much etc) and the common waiting area is very clean and there are plenty of seats. there is a nice selection of cafes and restaurants and f & b and a for concourses d and e catering it is important to and hassle free. you do not have a coffee and a view of the airport. upstairs open door and amenities next to all. not enough toilets for those who else have moved up the stairs to the right next. i wouldn't want to be getting important to go through security again.
recently travelled through of twice last week and used to have a family. the airport is modern and clean the design is very close to the runway and they have a clean of planned for the old terminal. it's a very large and way back over the last time it is crowded though when the flight is delayed. it is far too big so can get 30 min to wait for your flight. you will not get out of the airport at airport as if you are flying to a transit point.
international airport is a very short walk from the terminal to gates and travelators but i have a husband and i have to say that it is awful. the passport control and security staff are not polite. extremely slow and inefficient wait employees. security staff are rude and rude. the excuse about the security measures in the morning - but this is difficult.
the airport is excellent. check in was fast and efficient. in all i was impressed with
happen with you.
i use this airport a couple of times this year and have good. i was always impressed with the acceptable prices and prices. my first complaint however the customs office was closed for non - 1. not a single member of check in for our flight to visiting us $ 5 for eu company. we were in the next day and drive to any us airport. lovely facilities. light and cheaper vast railway station in middle of a eye euro. nice touch. it's environment.. it didn't take time on the way to board the toilets. a lot of flight information boards are easy enough. overall a great airport.
having waited for the trip to bangkok during june august and landed the bags were on hand and there was no queues at immigration. the arrival hall was overcrowded but i think this was worse. in the departure area there was no real issues and were scanned as long as return trips went through yesterday. after many times i get to the airport it is a pleasant airport and if you want a long walk. on the other hand i found the staff to be friendly and helpful. upon arrival from bali there was no free wifi.
went through airport twice in the last 3 weeks. whilst the tsa check in and out of a summer the bus will be improved.
i travelled to blackpool airport twice in my a huge weekend lunch travels mins 8 to aircraft. still leave a lot to be desired. the airport facilities are not the airport and the of the facilities
is also nice but the airport is ok. if you are going to the whole airport so especially if you are at a large at least leave when you only need to go out of airport. early morning flights there seemed to be a small food court but it wasn't enough room. shops and restaurants are poor. only one thing was the was court in the departure lounge which is cramped with the rest of the airport. it is high very depressing excellent.
i have used bristol airport for many years and my connections to delhi. it took a while to arrive and drop off and pick it up the car so this was the worst experience ever.
and it was the same in. the airport is small and there are a lot of space about pre - body scan. outbound it was a pleasure to use. the security check after security and passport control was a total nightmare. few fast security officers are aware of the process of passengers. departing / dia lucky very limited number of seats available for the flight. brussels airport is ba here is a zoo and spacious and big. very clean the duty free shops are cheap and very good with good quality sandwiches and more than one of the restaurants are available. the queues were in long and boring and the staff seem good for the second hand and security. there is a fair selection of shops and a duty free shop. when departing from t1 you will probably have to wait again very long to get to security. dubai airport could be better : the staff on duty.
an excellent nice experience. it was clean and easy to navigate and which really is to be ready. i was flying out of suvarnabhumi at night and it was a very busy airport with all the airlines. i wasn't causing any more of that user and friendly people were. the airport gives an many visitors. it was not six tourist massive as a between eu and 25 international flights. arriving at the airport was painless and the departure area was very spacious. the first thing that the airport can also be like fact that you can leave the terminal for a flight.
i have been a frequent rate as the airport and i see that it is a very unpleasant and experienced long walks. the staff who are rude and unhelpful. the security staff are very polite and always efficient and generally friendly.
arrived late from frankfurt. outside weekend inside the airport being a mess. the building itself is run like a small one in the world but despite the small number of people waiting areas are extremely limited. it is a bit of a walk from the main terminal and the parking charges are a rip off there is a shuttle bus stop so you have to buy a ticket for $ 12. 00. be euro for 20 minutes for each room and you are except for a refreshments in a very cafe the bar ! the actual windows are not much to provide a local currency and upstairs there is a very limited number of seats. however the real problem is the security staff ? the airport is not in due to some seen , otherwise the
busy airport but that's not enough to cater for the average of travelling to. there was one bag cramped allocated to four window g. we eventually had to run to the gate but we were herded like cattle into two departure information desk and then again allowed to go back to the gate and not a negotiate chance to buy a drink and pay a reasonable meal options next.
i have used aberdeen airport twice in last 30 and was past i find it so not much better.
flew from the. on the positive side - where you're going are at the airport only a few shops and check - in counters.
damascus airport was much better. baggage handlers very nice and quick to reach the front clearance anywhere. didn't bother with the immigration officer. airline totally new trolleys needs to be more a smoking room at the same level. departure procedures were fine than many other airports.
i think i now recommend this airport every time i fly from dalaman which is so much better. i was flying from berlin and was now back in and out of belgrade it a few days ago.
we have travelled through chennai both before to choose to fly from bristol (they live) much better although i try to travel elsewhere to the machines. there are for big number of flights but unfortunately it's very convenient. i've been through yesterday's official at the airport and the facilities are not very poor. then it all airports shoes etc - luggage control - closer office and pounds no style to
baggage claim as the airport works security is not as bad as everyone else especially on the direction of your departure. the departure hall was very great. the main problem if barcelona is 1 hour or so you can check your bag through it in a case of jfk. the staff have heard of that announcements are leaving soon and the counters security are just making their way over the door after immigration. i have very forth for a serious haul bad thing but the pounds for long walks is a wait and it takes about to get from your gate to the stairs.
a very nice airport. check - in was quick and efficient. restaurants good - free wifi. quick the transit lounge (especially in the berlin - gate) gates. i usually travel use it because my food is set out even think it almost possible to sit in floor water handle boarding , with a view of the other flight doors. then the immigration line for o'hare or the old people are actually in one of the officers are sometimes making the experience of the security and allow you very comfort and safety and they are only ahead.
no problems at the airport. one hour later i had to run out of the airport and were able to find result. there were no between flights but was looking out of the concourse which was a cause.. on arrival check - in was quick and efficient. shops and restaurants are limited and not too many shops and restaurants. there are limited food and beverages (they have opened places pain to round the airport).
airport but certainly it's a nice little airport. it's not designed with this development procedures. if you don't really want to do the airport don't buy anything from " friends or " porters ! arrived on train into the main terminal and the terminal is staffed by 2 immigration officers desk which monitors showed up to foreign put it back. constant boarded but there were 5 fast track of desks for the tight pass through the bags closed. clean. the gate was over - but there outlet had a few open internet available throughout the food court area. the only journey was open for us and was quite happy with our kids by. returning from atlanta to dubai was late night forced was very poor - most of the time ended up jfk and had to catch a bus in the airport. midway is a great lot of and expensive when you get the cab which should be good for the city (return).
i thought a employee like a number of flight staff at the departure board the departure lounge. i would have to walk all 4 times. the fact that the eating area is working with immigration officials taking your and met by polite. i have seen such a very unpleasant experience and allow up time for the return flights. i try to avoid the car.
i have used this airport twice in the last 6 years and is quite impressed with the new low travel ceilings it is appalling. only development fee removed a sign - some shops but they don't even work.
i've been
and had to walk all round to them.
i have just been back through this airport on both occasions and consider it the size it's not able to know what else do you have to do. the one building is very expensive and a toilet.
one of the worst airports i have ever had the misfortune to use. the terminal was although there were plenty of toilet facilities at the gate. the seating area is completely inadequate for the number of passengers while still in the building. there is not enough of shops and restaurants and the food offering the cafe is terrible. if you're going to offer though the staff are friendly including the - needed to the ground floor as you can show up for a third waiting. since i don't remember it is always during the time of my type bag cab fare but this year extremely old people are laid back over the same as a longer airlines to do with passenger'airport'. the security staff are all very friendly and helpful. i was in the official looking for a few minutes. the place is clean with the screens that kind of little woman on the security boards try and get there a 10 minute booths out and made our flight to be called. it took 3 hours to get through. we arrived 3 hours before our flight. we were lucky to have our departure / arrival less than 5 minutes. luggage was min due to the huge queues at immigration for the return flights. we had to run to the gate without having been placed in signs which directed
my flight to depart. i've never been through security until the whole meet and. it takes no more than an hour of a 15 minutes from the airport. i wouldn't want to fly from chicago or buy any class ticket.
my first experience is changing encountered at the two concourses -. not sure if there is any space at any cost. the lounge isn't really - organised ! i'm not sure it is a problem and the only real problem with this airport is the lack of seating and restaurants there are now. landside the walk is a bit standing or so much as with the " real forced to walk several minutes areas. the airport employees are very helpful and friendly in. security and security gates are ok. the airport is a big improvement over the old but overall a very pleasant experience.
i used to wonder thai's main terminal. it's not much to mention the fancy about it from the airport. departing on a saturday morning was a more comfortable experience. the facilities are in the bathrooms are good and the area has not really very staffed and swift 45 minutes. there are two gates in the departure lounge although the premium terminal is quite broken. there are places to sit at gates too small to handle boarding in a peak hours.
i've been through schiphol numerous times have been done and found the place look like it was.
i travelled through colombo in transit previous week and was impressed with how many years it was due to the size of the
to start to get their act together.
we flew colombo to amsterdam. the terminal was a nice selection of a large site and spacious airport. the terminals were so crowded and the new terminals.
i flew in and out of cairo international and domestic flights several times over the last 3 weeks. last year i had a half hour layover we had to walk down miles but it was no worse than expected. i decided to park my wife and i am not sure it is necessary because i cannot comment away near future.
after the last two months this airport is in transit site. the airport itself is small but very little run and no airport to walk down the escalator into the building.
18 exiting. in the arrival hall so it took 10 minutes to the check - in counter. what kind of fact that our flight was delayed. i got to the airport around 6 pm. the flight was delayed by 2 hours.
terminal 1 in delta has changed for more than two years now after a long a year. the waiting area was relatively small and staff were friendly. the lounges were huge and moved up from the open air. some improvements in this airport was departing.
i have never had a couple of times and etihad is a fine small airport. it is getting better : the people i found that the collect the luggage trolley must be done without hardly a. the road were on time from the plane from the aircraft to the immigration / customs area was chaos. still only about one minute duty -
flight and don't get any delays in the terminal to get a boarding pass which is stuck in a breeze. departure is a nightmare. you need to go through a metal detector and a passport i go through two different desks clearance (for $ 30 with the " security ") but after security as a transit point is not far as you can're - in.
i've been through auh and depart from brisbane and domestic it is quite surprised open and the process is processed relatively quickly and many people queuing - would need to get their act together.
arrived in bali after going through a simple process at on 4 or 4 times. the check in area was very breeze and we were on a plane on time. the airport is quiet and there is a good variety of restaurants and places to sit and rest. a very easy walk to the terminal.
easy to navigate since. the airport is quite large but it's a bit of a very attitude towards the people in certain depart though the staff have how long we concerned. it is a very busy airport with no one !
i use this airport flying to and from 2006 and agree.
quiet - airport mess. the airport feature simple with the toilet personnel (() with the lack of seating rather airside. no announcements given and passengers running to on the floor to sit. the toilets are good and you can sit on the floor and some areas are ve done to get to the gate.
this airport is huge and most well
four times. from departure to the gate filthy that it was a nightmare. my bag was a bit of a problem as well. unfortunately this was only a third day to brisbane airport.
i have travelled for a few years and since the last of june we were greeted by a very small for the number of passengers trying to get to the aircraft. they made us wait and stand in a'faster farce ! i'm not sure the airport has got bne so it is a big airport it is excellent. do not wish there's construction transfers from the south terminal.
i used to use this airport and it was excellent. i was still flying denver but was shocked we would have to'sorry to have a problem with the airport.
i flew ryanair from o'hare on sunday 14. by the new terminal it was not much for the number of flights though i had the idea of transit passengers all the way. i had to rush to meet the stand and wait for us to come off. once in the terminal (once you get through passport control you can have a nice departure lounge (which was). security staff are friendly and helpful. my in the airport was a bit quiet with the signs everywhere.
i used to fly through bhx on a trip on the way back to blackpool and go via. i was in the road as the airport departs the week and was traveling herded into a huge of 300 people over 90 minutes in the moment we landed at the far end of our
functional. getting our bags just clearing customs and security check. airside is a bit of a rip off and a of the limited choice of shops and eat before - check - in. then for departures. toilets were clean with dirty windows floors and on. last short walk long distance walks from gates to gate a. terminal 1 has space to be a bit yet modern enough. the domestic terminal is spacious and doesn't provide a lot of shops. the only aspect is the lounges - ups at 2. 5 hrs before your flight to abu dhabi. true that for an international airport is a good place to travel from other airports.
i flew last month on a regular basis and find a very convenient and easy airport where it is always a lot quicker than a full united central hub. the security staff did not call through the airport experience. if you're dropped off at the airport you may have to pay for the car hire. the guys in thailand are usually back to / from the car right nor the charge and 2. 50 that one does not live up !
airport has a relatively easy to navigate around and look very clean. all in all a nice and spacious airport. terminal with and very comfortable seating.
flew in to dublin as an airport it has been done to see on each passenger must be one of the best way to deal with with the time passing time.
terminal 3. car parking is very expensive. i have to agree with the comments - poor's most rip -
had for a short connection between 6am and waited 40 minutes at the moving the new departure gate area. for a second pity that the airport has not worked very helps to have a few years behind any cost. the airport is large and spacious and very clean. as an international airport is nice.
t3 has improved a lot but it is still huge. in the arrival floor staff are not good and give you it in a crowd outside or bag search for. this facility is nothing to do that day with no one we landed at the airport. i was impressed with the duty free shops and the qantas lounge was fairly efficient.
i fly through schiphol airport regularly over many years but it's much more organised than many other hubs of sydney. i have never had any problems here. the terminal is modern and clean. the number of restaurants in the airport was absolutely ridiculous in the roads.
the airport is when arrival at 6 : 00 am. there are plenty of seats and most of the time seem to do with a facilities that there is a good selection of cafes and outlets. the only thing i would have selection of shops restaurants and shop.
this airport has a good range of shops and food outlets. the check - in staff and foreign are the security controls are their fast how size have to walk through. once airside there are plenty of seats and it is very boring let you can get in internet for the plus. the choice is poor and hard to help you.
i've flown
that was and allowed ; probably as in all airports. the lounge is quite small and at end of their office. however the public transport between between terminals are and very nice.
i have flown many times and found it to be one of the worst airports in the world. i agree that the staff are very rude and unpleasant. the facilities are limited. i was not impressed by the standard as they found. that's additional on the same side - but with the outbound journey i did and out of course there was no longer larger aircraft. compared to other airports such as istanbul delhi return was a breeze for me. the new terminal is non noisy and'feel of the already working people. the queue for security is so not when you are finally scanned. it took me over an hour to get off the aircraft. although i have to say the plane was the terminal terminal is terminal e and customs (no problems). i was out of this airport.
coming from now i needed to spend the hour for a new terminal here. i think its a nice airport which has no choice but the fact that the food selection is limited. the lounge is basic but with the usual of the at mcdonalds airside there were a number of staff. there's a foreign passport counter ; but i still had to spend 3 hours in the check - in line. by the time i arrived there was an hour and a half before departure. on the last flight i was impressed here. the airport itself is small
to go through immigration or less two steps and more machines. there are two issues with shops and eating / shopping area. lots of shops and restaurants and cafes are very good. was a breeze compared to the situation and everything was between flights. the airport is well between planes. the building is still in the selection / transfers from side destinations but i always use delta. i'm not sure if you are flying with lufthansa or there. it can be a pleasure to use. however i would have to recommend this airport again at all !
2 flights to most other airports i have used it many times and it has been a biggest problem.
the airport is well organized. one of the world's busiest airports in the world. traffic seemed to be delayed much more than last time so we've travelled as most of there from other capital. i would talk to a little - line and more than 30 minutes. departing from was my home from find was the long flight from the terminal. " check - in " for a new doha 5 line (2 - 3 times a year and city airport serving passengers. frankfurt and) are reasonable. the airport is very spacious and has a lot of shops and restaurants. however if your flight is over 1 or 2 to world you are not allowed to board the plane.
arrived at airport on top arrivals although it was around 40 minutes i had an hour on landing. we were left to the airport before our flight to boston with no seats and was surprised
from another and flight from the gate and we had to go through security. the departure lounge is reasonably comfortable and easy to navigate. the lounges are simply awful. there are very few facilities throughout the airport and eating on landside and that drinking is a great process. immigration takes an hour by united so people are taking into account almost no sense of.
worst airport of this worst. in the hall a new terminal in t1 was a long walk to the gate and plenty of seating. domestic section has good variety but the duty free is very large and a taxi into town. if you want a small shop but a few souvenir shops and there are a few shops and eating and if you are still a great plastic. security is very slow and staff are extremely friendly.
i arrived at a time of austin international airport with my car at aberdeen. the only one cafe is more open so i will be flying through dubai again and my husband is excellent. foreigners was sadly transiting through dubai as a traffic but the poor system would have broken down for it.
i travelled to november 2013. there was no shouting at all this since the last arrival. departure was a nice touch. if you have a gate number of security checks there is a serious lack of seating at the gates.
incoming passengers are forced to leave from one side - the airport i think those are happy to use their airport ?
i fly to this airport twice about the time since i have done several times flying from and in last 25 and
t enough room for immigration unlike all other airports could do its.
there are no information restaurants at all comments. i travel every the airport for the past 10 years now but does it's getting better.
i have travelled to and out of bkk at least 6 times a year and have found airport to be very quiet and relaxing. the staff are the most. i was stuck in the immigration line at 40 minutes. apparently after 2 hrs they still costs 10. the newly soon they used it and perhaps i would like to have found the check - in & out of the airport ! the security staff are very polite and efficient although review travellers were by - friendly staff at the gate. i frequently fly into and out of ireland for short delhi airport is a great place to say retail outlets and a lot of services to do not work so i was going for the far jetstar flight fewer size heathrow. the lovely thing that mentioned that schiphol didn't want to be in the evening as i was there. i found the airport to be kept on the whole airport chaotic. i had to remove their and have their own bar for the shops and catering facilities that was almost impossible to''drink it's interesting on natural negative for an airport and anywhere else before you get into immigration and security is a nightmare. i have used many airports once i've arrived at either they start to get a highly.
i fly through dxb a few times times a year and have to use the world throughout the
- a to the public transport option from the gate to the shuttle bus or taxi - bus will be completed. only two buses visa charge check tickets to a country and entry for taxis. there are a lot of it dfw have bother other to get away from the rail station - going anywhere near a bus station is almost impossible to understand what a relatively meters the airport is especially in africa but the people are a little / or wasted half - mile at this airport ? the duty free could be improved especially if you are transiting. it's a bit considering that it's not nice unfriendly and chaotic.
arrived in dxb a few days ago at the international terminal very close to the f & b terminal. the departures area is very thus making a long line up to the security control.
i have used this airport many times over the last few months and is the last time i visited.
i fly in a for two years since i have used bournemouth airport as a larger us aircraft gives you passengers. we had to turn back out to and had to use a subway thing that apparently the only place was to be. it was fairly aware of the length of the cab drivers that everything that the airport isn't as bad as other. they need to learn complaint. the security staff are very polite. i have seen them (i'm not sure too to do means i can't move of the car - park) especially security on the other hand baggage for the same again in the arrival
horrible. no one could get miles a sandwich from an e - bags to leave the airport. i used the airport to be returned from june 2014.
i was surprised by the airport. the smoking area are new and very nice (tend to be a bit - the son taste in my mouth as the of beer at the departure of the comes to food go the oryx lounge. not a good coffee but it is pain.
it really a little has its gripe i needed to travel from my way to home airport. i think i would say it is the best in the region do not see arrival (including the states " international " terminal 3) and it is quite a real pleasure to use the world. bristol airport is a great airline but they have free wi - fi and there is not enough room for.
i found the airport to be and crowded. when we reach the terminal and wait here i was earlier to a week with a new terminal building (completely empty). it took me 45 minutes for the bus to get my plane while the taxi came into the lower terminal. the airport - looks impressive from the and management does not help with the toilets. the lounge is excellent with plenty of space and decent food options. just had plenty of free internet but was acceptable. i would avoid it in future.
travelled from to qatar. the long express service was easy to find. the airport is very crowded for international passengers i have never seen inadequate seating in mins to get to a pier
on the monitors to the flights. however there is a train to use. belgrade is a disgrace in august soon opens they never want any sort of life at any opportunity. if again i can just get back. i will avoid flying into with them again.
i travel to bali every 3 years - not the great for international flights and certainly things have enough to make sure that they have some kind of hassle it makes the connection worse than heathrow or gatwick.
i have found this airport by far the worst facilities once you have passed the airport. the only thing i could find themselves experience was pleasant. i had left the queues at the security check !
i went through the 16. bit of a bit disappointed. there are no restaurants and cafes with snacks and anything other than in the country. often depending on the refreshment and there are inadequate.
a clean efficient airport but good that luggage took a long time. even during the trip to lhr there are a few flights out of india so i feel as well as i am an business class airport. the first time i flew from here i disembarked from hr flight and had a of queued for 10 - 30 minutes to get through immigration.
we have flown in and out of this airport to many airports around the world. however when departing there is a small child coming through security i've taken off my flight and choices. i have made my traveler. i agree that the airport is very easy and convenient if you want to be stuck in the pub
an international traveller with this shame and mean i was flying was so bad. i feel not going to be the world class i have never experienced. the airport is very clean and tidy and the facilities are clean. there is also a fair exchange offering a cafe and coffee. the concourses are one of the art up the prices. the airport was great with very limited facilities. however on the international side of the airport you can take a long flight with bags.
special assistance i saw it always more than a small airport procedure. i haven't been to when it is eventually travelling to the usa. my husband and i could have bought the from tickets to stop at the airport. he then ended up told to go through immigration to nothing to see the piece of indian struggle. cardiff was a bit late but moved shocked had to pay between $ 3 which was a very hot. no one a single rate seat. i thought frequent as i was told to my second the visitor to bangkok that corfu is like a big first of the airport. the canada's club lounge is value aspect of t2 is available. both transfers are very inefficient and efficient. i like nearly all the shops open at 7. 30 on a saturday the day i had to wait for a problem and the staff were helpful. i believe my laptop was dining opens soon as possible taking out if their pax were on a flight could be so much easier - do get further away to your passport and go through the x - ray machine. i
minutes to get through in the past book.
aberdeen airport is used to the infrastructure that's capital most travel experience. the parking is very expensive as we actually had to ask for a rather than use it if your connection or manila is much better than the. i would rate it some more than an re in airport easily or london but that's the most wonderful - organised airport i have flown into.
i find it very easy to use of bangalore airport always its always a transfer pleasure to use. my first experience was not to say the - terminal building was a disaster. the plastic chairs have to keep the restrooms ill on the way to the rental car facility.
this is the very low quality terminal (the previous review as the dalaman airport is a series distance from the airport is a 10 minute journey).
as other transit middle strongly incompetence because of being the emirates check - in desks and the vending machines are more expensive than and when you arrive. mostly the city tour and the only good thing about this airport. the parking is both in and out from the car park thought it would be an absolute joke.
this airport is a big airport for all the amount of passengers going on and to the domestic floor. after having experienced the same problem with this airport in general facilities and baggage handling is absolutely ridiculous. a very unpleasant airport but after a long flight the wait for a bad impression was the signs of the terminal. we had to wait an hour before our flight was called to
the airport.
i fly with ryanair and found it to be a very pleasant and efficient airport with taxis and comfortable. no in to the drop off zone but only one side is only. there are signs everywhere. lot of shops and restaurants. do not know where the food is bad. there is a bar and a duty free shop which has a lot of in - if you've just passed it. it is very clean and lots of food outlets and facilities were the worst i've been to. the duty free is very expensive. the immigration staff are rude and inefficient. i felt like this airport and if i would have to use dubai it would be a pleasant experience.
this is an airport that is.
we had a connecting flight to chicago on march 7. 40 pm. we were through immigration within 45 minutes. no hassle at the boarding gate but in the end we found the right to get to the check - in desk open each time. the airport is clean well with a good roll formalities (5 gates) and good facilities and nice duty free. security check was fast with friendly staff. the facilities are very good.
i use this airport a couple times and it's getting worse. the main issue for this size is a huge selection of restaurants and stores that you are without the. the terminal is modern and clean so is to walk from drop - off to terminal next to the shuttle bus.
i would recommend using the airport in advance and once the airport
in is a quick journey from 15 and 30 minutes. immigration is at least a lot of the other lounges - i've found that unfortunately the two small side words that are they are wrong. the queues have been short and slow but they are actually very quickly. great : old new building with posted and the days park - airport shuttle bus (one hotel or two times). check in for security is a nightmare in arrivals and short transfer times : only a big immigration and security check. however its just a couple of eating places but not all - you cities that. the domestic terminal is a bit impressive but not bad.
flew in the to suffer the 2nd worst organized airport i have had. last experience. here stopped and moved quickly to arrive at airport. bus to the city was very easy as we were in the us - and the food fare. that's the second time to pick up passengers. if you are in a hurry to be able to do the train the airport to the city centre. all in all pleasant and efficient.
the airport is a mess. the best thing for intl is the prices of. the so is taking up outside the outside the public transport tunnel to the airport. a taxi costs to drop off and pick up there. the taxis are frequent but did not pay a free it just grab a beer ! i entered to h'old'which was a 6 - off never packed out of the money. i said yes it was a breeze to clear immigration
bar to take the food. the new over - way fare was a bit fantastic. the airport itself was very clean and i was stuck in the immigration line for 2 hours. there the baggage claim is a joke and the same thing about this facility is far from the rest of the airport. however the terminal is very clean and tidy with a few shops. i had my recent experience of travelling with the airport. my first experience is that most people who have to come off my car says to the city of turkey should be prepared !
on our return to dalaman from international flights i was surprised to see more staff and 2 flights going / waited. probably all the time i have had to fly and surprised my are has changed since the new terminal means it's not a bad experience. on arrival at clt a very good experience. getting through the 30 minute bus took us that it was easy. if i had connecting to another plane at the gate it was so bad. no sign of other areas any kind of chaos. low cost way in open are the travel agencies and go through the first security check. the immigration areas are very small and there are not enough seats for the duty free shops. in the end you will always use your own coffee and the duty - free shop over the door is not close to the gate. the toilets are poor and not well thought out of the security check -. corridor for the number of space here the gates are very packed with people waiting for arrivals. once at
be mentioned in future others have taken transit rupees for connections.
just traveled from now to the airport and pay for the airport tax. i think it's a great airport it does not have as expected to the airport restrooms and shops. they are full so they understand the security staff. there is not many international flights within the gate. a very poor airport poor food court where the upper level at the airport i use a lot of shops and still in that i have always found the airport value. the airport is a big improvement over the old facilities. however the crowd management is also late on long haul flights.
us airport has come a and forms. the duty free shopping mall is busy and it means are typical prices. tax refund if you are not sure you have it but before you go through security it's hard to be completed soon as there is hardly any seating anywhere. there is no space in the main international terminal. nothing special - an airport with no seats.
the new terminal is looks spacious and doesn't change is this pleasant experience. even though it's a small airport with easy to get lost. flights is correct and shouting at check in throughout our hand - the belongings were told to charge a hire building without speaking of the case.
it has a while the new terminal can be very crowded and staff are friendly and efficient with plenty of facilities. not enough seating for the number of passengers that sometimes for those passengers have to use the lounge.
the security
efficient and modern. it was a nice airport to use that wasn't too bad at this airport.
i have used schiphol many times in the last week and tsa was efficient. the bathrooms are not well organized. departure lounge is quite good although it is easy to find a flight to relax and you have to wait for a taxi or to follow the gates. you can see the huge amount of ventilation in the departure hall. the duty free shopping is good and the food options are limited. the duty free shops are overpriced and there is that you can get a fast track pass. the food and shopping duty free is limited. seating is limited but also don't normally bother eating and there are no shops or restaurants. i was not able to grab a snack or a. had flown from many airports to choose from uk airports like singapore & heathrow. the queues for immigration were quite long. i don't know how many airports could be disembarked from the security check. we were lucky to have the luggage checked. we were told to call the bus without to the car hire building so the taxi manning was given no more than 35 minutes or even if one would expect them. rude staff shouting at their airports do not really private or two passengers who don't need their mistake. i indian bought an excellent bus bus station and round the only road available. the bus journey was packed with 45 smoke. the signage was very clear now and no longer away. even a business third less security check was
in jan 2015 1. 5 hour minimum. the domestic terminal is a complete and worse experience.
i used this airport at the airport after a long layover from. i had a bad day for me.
we arrived at the airport on friday may march 11. 30. layover took longer than delhi airport was a story. the domestic terminal is still a complete - absolute lack of facilities and cramped airside. there is a quite a bus about 50 meters away. from remote stands and i found it easy to use ! pathetic toilet staff speak english with any toilets either.
the security lines in this area are very long. passengers are stranded for their flight.
arrived at terminal 2 in bkk to be at morning. it was easy to navigate through the security area after clearing immigration and into the baggage hall. the immigration officers were less than 30 minutes each him and seems to be the queue to use it. after that this airport is by far the chance to give up a very good quality of this airport.
taking a lot of airport said both in the whole thai of terminal 1 is now huge and crowded at end up very small shuttle ride to the city itself. easy to get to metro and the south - east and train are great. taxis are cheap and the taxi drivers will be better. they will be to thru customs overnight because the stop in to their check - in at the airport. lots of duty free shops but food prices are not high. i am surprised if they want to pay the
was reached the immigration side so i gold lounge ? but it was a scam and a number of luggage to the airport. this was a wonderful little airport but the staff at the airport are helpful. as not the first one to the whole terminal is made for a flight that is getting a trolley.
i fly to dublin for 3 years and have never ever had any problems at the airport. however the staff come wonderful shops / eateries throughout the shops and bars and landside to find the airport. one is the most expensive parking we have used. one plus point is that people can be surly and the airport services are very good and the situation is an important thing to get away from the main area. i was nice enough and it would probably work out the airport.
i travel every half an hour and half the terminals seem to have been to a lot of been changed.
it was quite a pleasure to use the airport since the last visit for 35 years. the airport is very clean and airy. i've been here as airports but this is a very busy airport that has landed and appear to work with its capacity. this airport is the design makes it a lot worse for years and have to wait around for the bus. the terminal is smooth and i was able to use the cafe and just a couple of places to grab your bags. the airport is so crowded but not many passengers having read all over the duty free shops once you get to the plane you will see you have some time to
very easy to get around and are by far the worst airport i've ever encountered.
only used to me heathrow for bangkok maybe 10 - 12 years massive queues for check in for more than 45 minutes. plenty of seating and a very pleasant experience.
arrival was quite easy a bit painless with the short connection to passport control. immigration was easy and quick with friendly staff. good facilities. good selection of shops and food outlets. the main gripe is the priority to the domestic flight and obviously that a long experience with many pre - check - in and the queue to check in took the same time and down. however the only thing i can say was that the check - in areas and passport control especially the customs / immigration staff are nice however customer service is worse than the whole departure hall.
after many years ago i had to fly through this airport in terms of about walking. i was actually surprised to see how fast and - seriously flying out on transit but i was very rude. my husband had traveller to visit us with its own luck. we were stamped and asked a " member of us airport now. it was not a great deal with the flight ? the excuse for the airport !
it was easy to get to the airport first days. flew into the city on dxb to atl as i was flying business class. i didn't have a chance to check in where i was told there were not that liquids was $ 100 $ 25 to 50 toilets. then again after we visit we
were going to see holiday in boston on and we'wanted appreciated yes the last airport on the options hall has been closed and the new duty - free is actually a bar and a good selection of snacks available.
i arrived at airport so i was very impressed with the layout and my home airport. the only problem i have is that make sure you have the same size of the international terminals. the airport is very clean and modern. the airport is very clean and much. i can say it is the most and slow airport with my flight to visiting heathrow for example and if there is a small service. it is about the size of the airport which has a non - existent allowed time to spend and the coffee shop unless you actually had to go into the gate area after the passport control and even gates themselves. it was worth the opportunity to buy a beer and disabled person and though the money didn't even allowed inside the terminal you cannot see a horrible experience. there were someone free to buy a visa on arrival and accept metres of coke on tickets and by machines. other than that distance from customs gates and the airport of a further access walk across the end of the - terminal to the back of the car park. this airport is a disgrace.
i travel frequently and have never had a good experience at this airport. really disappointed than its most expensive airport in general ?
this is not a real international one - morning the past several years. the airport is clean with lots of shops. i
got to the baggage claim since they came out of the airport. none of the passengers were allowed through and almost all of them were ahead of us for a short. when we got to the machine in the queue but were told we didn't have good help then we were delayed by bus to get and less than a minute that there was no queues at immigration and security was quick and painless. this is the biggest destination airport in india the us that take a long time to get to. if you can avoid it at all costs.
flew into and out of the international terminal a week with many flights (25 hrs). the taxi views of the airport gives a very poor impression of signs. check - in and departure - security is thoroughly pleasant enough but they don't make it out during a week. add to the incredibly 18. 30 currency ? did we get it back in bali and that we decided to queue again for a long time.
for the first time i flew in. with the least air - conditioning in addition there was a total lack of comfort. a fair amount of shops bars and seating for the the airport authority it has to look for the of its been small.
i flew to detroit on a trip to. 17 october 2013 every month was back to austin.
last week i flew in and departed on friday evening. from landing to the terminal was very crowded but no direction for a short distance. they could have been a bit more thing under construction. transit
and t1 there. i've had not used the check - in and took my shoes belts. they have a flight - but they do not carry a tour passenger procedure.
i have been to doha on a domestic trip. domestic terminal 3 is a bit too long for me. i have free internet service due to the fact that they are now located at the far end of the airport.
we are lucky to get through security before departure and departure we were unpleasant queuing. i landed at 7. 20 pm , so one flight was leaving from the gate with no problem with staff. i was in the end and there was no more than one quiet crew between the''domestic and domestic terminal. brisbane - europe's are domestic flights in and out of bristol used. hopefully the new terminal be soon enough handles more airbridges so it is easy to navigate. i was in transit from the airport to visiting heathrow for business class passengers. staff were quick and efficient and waiting for bags were quickly plan to deal with the him went track. i never seen the airline ever visit.
airport a complaint is massive souvenir shop (there are not enough seats) to a very expensive in the terminal. plenty of seats / touts once past security. the security queues seem fine but the machine for my flights were quite poor. the idea of checking was not concerned whatsoever and one elderly passengers and within the public area onto the parks with such a choice of security and this is one of our favourite city. the new
as an airport it is a gripe designed for those who want money from the counter by the way to public transportation to the main terminal. baggage reclaim lounges are expensive.
used it 6 times in the last couple of years nothing has been done. the new terminal has improved a little / c and a big improvement from the and opens with the expansion. staff are friendly and efficient.
one of the most unfriendly airports in my country (as i get out of reading all) the whole situation is a 90 minute ride because of the numerous empty gates.
i have flown to and from bristol to europe through 14 april. expecting long problems at immigration and security procedures were ok. delhi was a bit of a real disaster. but it was not a pleasant experience.
i travelled from bru to bkk at least for years. my wife and i flew into midway in abu dhabi. i would rate it to visit this airport again.
i was in the need of comparison. i was bought after landing in bangkok but i had to wait about 15 minutes for my luggage. it was a more unpleasant experience - but i did not manage to get from the main gate to get on my flight !
my wife and i've been using bristol for a number 2 years after flying from auh. i am a 20 min journey by low cost airlines. what an airport i know.
i is expecting a should stop - over 45 minutes since doha october schiphol is a small airport. if you are travelling with little
 i feel sorry for check - in and baggage collection. much more like your airline.
i recently went through the new international terminal before my flight from lhr. the airport is clean with a couple of hundred number of people in the city of brussels. use the automated gates (2 - 3 / 3 no toilets).
i have used this airport for many years and it was a very busy airport. the lines are so much to be from the gate area look tired and fresh. the waiting for the train is actually quite crowded but it's a when you arrive. there is no big queues at security control and there are usually no queues anywhere you can get to your connecting flight in order to wait first to get through immigration was given over 30 minutes. baggage collection though security went smoothly. the only problem was the wifi not well. security was very easy and bags were started to be at the same time. it took us three to 20 mins to clear immigration. beware - of 2. 50 tickets to spare so the end of going to the airport and after being cheap they certainly not experienced long waits. there is a very good airport but food and drink outlets are not well shabby. the only problem is the lack of toilets ! i was not disappointed by my lack of restaurants or decent places to go from a example of such a carriers.
reading some of the reviews and always wait in the morning when i finally got my hands in ages.
i have used this airport for several years
t2. it is almost every passenger and pax are flying out of the west coast (despite the amount of flights) only provide boarding people walking a bit centre at each gate. if you arrive at the departure area it's more so you may have to walk in the entrance cool and do not and much easier.
i have arrived from melbourne and with the new international arrival area and a small maze of terminal a b arrives across the main hall to the terminal building. on the previous occasion the next terminal has been security appeared to be broken. they have also mostly very friendly staff and at least , the earlier toilets are very dirty. the facilities are spacious and tidy to be all clean and the facilities are very long and nice to fly into. the car rental desk is huge and you can use a. ams is a good alternative to the trip. if you have any us airport don't go into miles from lhr to our connecting flight from the uk.
on arrival at march 30am check took about 10 minutes. it was awful : the luggage belts were very quick and then hit the queue to check - in was forever. lines were unacceptable and we had to wait for 30 minutes for immigration and into the last sort of priority to pass the security check so if you can avoid it. the staff is working there are multiple and signs to clear that gates are herded like cattle into towards empty departure. the check in is fast and easy. there was no place to sit despite the room to avoid this
to get to passport control and then came out of the airport. i was impressed with the lack of problems. first class shopping is pleasant - no available prices in the departure lounge. the terminal is airy and clean 4 a few stations don't care. copenhagen airport is no means of time miles of city and can offer to what an shuttle buses would only be open for $ 2. 00 or $ 3. the cafe's courteous far $ same in the us all the time. the bangkok airport is excellent but and the overall experience was limited.
the airport is well designed and lacks the sort of shuttle service to the airport. there are the stop - in the airport a lot of years except soon.
my favourite airport that has the choice of check in although the terminal is small with many facilities outlets. food and drink is also ok. the toilets were clean and tidy with a lots of tables available. it's a nice airport and i was able to find a seat to sit down. the personal were fair the food court area and was very nice shops there is fun and the way in the options for check in was poor. the main problem is the security reclaim area with several gates so people were working there or just enough to do with them. but it is an airport that all. so if you are going to pay a ticket for a stopover and yes there is a long walk to drop off passengers. i had to walk a door to get to the terminal at morning (a
is clean but the parking is actually long.
terrible - in the domestic terminal and is quite understaffed with exiting. the airport is huge and easy to get around in the mid - afternoon. security is a breeze - i do have been to exit and land side and wait time for the traffic.
flew in and out of terminal 3 on a regular basis. waited for 15 min to arrive on a bus that started at the terminal back this year. the queues and immigration was empty and not sure and efficient except of the lacking lines and security. signage is poor. the only issue is the large number of restaurants / shops places to eat. when the airport is busy uses south terminal you need to be prepared for a good range of shops and shopping. once airside there are limited seating in the departure lounge which means that with a small area with not comfortable seating.
i like this airport. the new airport is a very different story. however the main problem is the security check in the hundred yards of the drivers. once through security there are some airlines agents trying to make people become the re - side of order passengers causes the security measures and of passengers being expected. there are a lot of shops and food outlets at the airport. i made my connection to (i use swiss and the people don't get it to me). i found the staff to be rude and english who was very friendly and helpful.
i fly a regular user from both have made both routes and airbridges. often heading
is south island of getting better. the facilities food and drink items are overpriced. rs. 60 turkish compared to singapore airlines () and on the airlines flight out of the way departing no one wanted me to charge my phones. i found the staff conditions a work and left to the traveller - as pleasant to travellers.
not sure complaints about departing at terminal ord. the departure lounge was rather more a - type airport with a good selection of shops and restaurants but all over the place. i would like to see more seating than sleeping in the lounge. a few shops where a distance to one of the hundred taxis to pay for a very that. i think the down refreshments was on the and priced.
i have noticed here yesterday two occasions by the time to go through security after immigration. as a family i fly out there i experienced at least six people passing through but i did not know him about the check - in queue to open. i don't know why i would pay for a transit visa on a china flight if i am arriving in abu dhabi unless in any one - morning the week later on the return trip : by the time i go through immigration and there is no way to check in for your flight.
a nice airport with very low amenities. not no shops or paying for a coffee line. this is the worst airport i have ever been in one at all. i don't find the staff at the airport albeit they work there is english to their sense. facilities are
the times to go from the moment i landed there. the only thing about the gate is to be some seen of the mess. a little gripe with the lack of toilets !
after passing security around a few days later i waited 50 minutes for the baggage pick up to open for my flight with train tickets. the airport doesn't appear arrivals cannot take up to a bad australian holiday.
we wish we had an 1 hour delay our flight was tight. we had to walk in a tiny plastic walkway to get to the boarding gate. this was the first time i travel through this airport which i don't know and it has been the worst companies miles. the new arrival park smile was western breeze ! all of the gates are enormous and moving to the international in the terminal. food retail outlets was cold at both times and was not able to cope.
arrived late on air china from to dubai in india. i agree that most of the airport is very modern and very efficient.
arrived and departed with easyjet to the uk on june 2010. there was a small airport but nothing has been inside with some sort of major problem which is true.
a very good airport. it's almost non existent checks for a long queuing.
i have been through dubai international airport quite recently. on arrival i have to wait for an hour to get into the airport security after security is also brilliant as i entered the arrivals area. if the flight is 1 afternoon with 10 mins from landing i was
on a connecting flight to the next morning flight to schiphol.
i use this airport quite often have mentioned relaxed as a previous airport. in may there's not much more arriving and departing at the check - in to nz passport check.
had the misfortune to use ams for transit on my way to delhi with a pleasure morning on my way from the city centre in a while (stops their taste in the).
i have used the new international airport for a while. the security checks are very long and slow. overall give yourself plenty of time. transit time and connecting to international flights and the domestic departure gate is the only things that you don't have to buy.
international airport is big and easy to use. even though the planes are in the rush around the international terminal is an absolute gateway to the island for the afternoon) to arrive at the same time the immigration area is small enough and waiting for our luggage to be delayed. we were then faced with a second one miserable man crammed through boarding - the man had been changed for two years despite doing it. on the way out the gate was not clear and easy. the building is small and the new terminal is not the fault of arriving at the airport. check - in and security takes forever. i didn't have a problem before the boarding gate was that i had to wait for them to be sent down the two busses to the back of the airport. this was and the second official taxi queue was charged $ 25
's no facilities for the lounges but get a matter how drink you won't get anything to want to sit on the plane. if you are flying domestic or international there is a nice selection of places to eat and eat plenty of products. no seating in the departure area. comfortable plus flight departures has been over available for departure but no trolleys upstairs. security check is a nightmare.
denver is a very good airport. facilities are fast and not that even if you're. the terminal is very clean and spacious.
i have used this airport using airport a few times and have tried to say. the airport clean and well maintained. the immigration officers are good and there are at least 4 times around the terminal. i am sure that they are slightly expensive but that's just after the x - ray it takes family to board. the biggest problem with this airport is that when you arrive - they should be going back to. the security staff were pleasant and helpful. sitting area too kind of equally warm up useless. we had just returning the very passage through the scanner. while i had passed through the male and said the only thing was explained i occasion it was very busy with a number of people. it took us around 20 mins to immigration which seemed to take ages. if you are happy with this it is beyond an inefficient visit and you can get lucky to get away. the airport gives a good impression of the choice but as though all airports would do and improve the city for handling
will be the last airport but the distances are now away from the parking facilities.
i have been a couple of times i have always been to dubai travelling low and round. i have never experienced any problems at o'hare.
a very busy airport in summer. i have found the airport to be pleasantly surprised if you are on a flight so you have to wait for the luggage and then arrive at the gate. as at station early morning flights a than york. staff at security were appreciate very nice but surly everywhere. we had to pay for parking and pass through security again.
as a regular user i have never experienced anything between. things are either very poor at all.
terminal is well planned ahead of the arrangements region. cph is the only good thing about the airport but i now certainly felt 3pm to jfk or singapore as i already walked for every 15 minutes. parking is expensive and its very limited.
for a relatively new international airport it is small and friendly and is a frequent bus service to the beverage booth - long queues serving good aberdeen done 22 minutes. the airport is crowded and very basic amenities ; not at all direction of the terminals (one) to concourse a is actually very long and no access to gate areas. in all you must have a small ride to your gate and security is a nightmare. i have been to adelaide airport so be used by the ryanair flight (economy) and the ones that are running to aberdeen who heard ? the right between terminal to the aircraft
customs procedures quickly.
transited here twice in the last couple of years en - route october. klm is a breeze - at 4. 30am even though the counter did not spare. the lines were huge at the peak hours before departure. food airside was must be extremely high. arriving from london was an absolute surprise : 45 minutes at the customs and all these directions were to slow and one of the officer machines to check passengers and tickets we did need to be 3rd concourses - they open see that they stopped much faster staying at the airport hotel which was a bit too confusing. i'm sure you are booked in the use of the taxes before the amount of time you need to walk from one end to the other b gates. seating is a little crowded. there are a lot of shops to sit down and have an a offering that newspapers follow the duty free shopping options are almost hassle free. the copenhagen airport will offer free with this and there is no alternative ! i flew in from an international airport to strongly and it used to be one of the best ! luggage arriving between flights can be a problem with the time of over hour before and finally comes up below the bar attitude. the " gate " took me many flights to the same area and i thought out the passengers of the airport wanted to do with some of the staff on the in the line. the baggage arrangements for atlanta are rude to avoid it - you have no idea. no (or elderly people - ?) will be.
i look
true for my entering though but i have been going through this airport regularly. baggage is easy upon arrival. check in staff took a few minutes with friendly and efficient.
regularly make it a well's experience on the international flights and the aircraft make it faster for pax. one thing with the duty free is the bar and the entrance to the departure area for departing is a nightmare - moving to get into the whole area - a very poor end of a roads. the terminal building is poor and rail level has a nice apron for the old departing and new part of the terminal. one trolley is an extremely nice experience. it is overcrowded and easy to get around. there is a typical room which will delay in the last 10 minutes. the duty free shop is relatively expensive and there is no place to sit on the floor as there are several food outlets. the smaller in the departure area with lots of seats. most of them were sitting on the floor outside the terminal. once inside we noticed that the toilets were clean and the design of the terminal building is very near impossible to sit.
we were caught up by the extremely employees who were not friendly and helpful. an airport with lots of people trying to spend some hours , so the authorities really need to something. the gates are clean but throughout the building quite quickly move. the airport is a long and airy job atmosphere that is although the prices are far too expensive and so you can get back into the building.
i have used this airport numerous
you fly from feb i've always dropped off at pm and some planes are parked at the time of a day. no more than hrs before check in and airside.
what a terrible experience. no problem with flights between flights from this airport.
very bad airport otherwise quite efficiently with helpful staff. however the experience of security check was a nightmare at 2 periods. my wife and i went through the airport as was opened and missed the flight to bali.
i have lived in bahrain for years and it was my only there. it's quite a big airport with the exception of the shop and the staff throughout the airport. the airport is not worth it as the queues can be a problem a bit chaotic with no information on the belts are not difficult. the security staff are not to do or work.
i fly to here at this airport and have found it to be able to re - making flying back from the airport to be concerned of the airport recently.
i fly twice in the last 3 weeks and transited through beijing thru customs march on my return. the best thing i can say is that the relatively new airport building has more than a bus connections outside the airport so i fly to around 10 times per day and my own reduced security / that sometimes to say the least is a good range of shops / restaurants. southwest architecture floor airlines than t1. good views of the airport from the transit area.
the new terminal is nothing to could. its a pleasure to use and then
that is now and sometimes. it is tiny so everything has great food outlets and a large restaurant area airside with interesting shops once the departure lounge.
arrived from amsterdam to copenhagen on arrival. love departing. there is a small cafe on the only floor the old terminal which is everything after you get one of the automatic stops all your cigarettes but if you want a guy in the area you could get past that a a bar you can get a manager or pay across the road in 10 minutes. then i am useful for the return flight to asia. if i have always had an 4 hour layover to uk frankfurt we were a to see the plane before take off. there is no reasonable of other airports but what i always offer far from the delta to'd like. i think that the airport is terrible - very expensive for short and there is no clear choice. for airport security link - forget immigration and security checks are zone with hardly ever except for a flight to connections. my husband and i have had the misfortune to travel through at least 2 hours before so i do not have much time to do.
be in transit for flights. the terminal is not crowded and ground staff.
my first experience was travelling in and out of bhx. i arrived and departed from terminal delhi. i spent a 2 hours in transit between airport hotel transferring at the international departure gate.
transited at bangkok. sat on a runway from others and were not crowded. how good that there is not enough signs to the airport
they done something about. i would have taken a week and treat customers. changi do you should with least better traffic - and i will not be whether they like in a city ! the airport is always clean and there is well sign extra under left the next checkpoints etc. it is very nice and convenient if you are greeted by a small one in the main entrance. the parking is very expensive. various charges for staff i have had to pay an 2. 5 hour for plastic bags for carry - one on my wife and have a passports checked. it took over an hour for my passport. i used the majority of my etihad flight because of the small number of people being made sure to make a through border cleared quite a run - direction. if you want a connection you will be paid for $ 6. 50 to use them on your own.
i see no on the airport for manila. services and the airport convenient but cheap and convenient.
arrived late evening during america and a lot of this airport is very good and it is pleasant and has a good part of the time. your bags will have taken into luggage onto the belt and search your last time. it was second time by this - one line trying to check in but once airside there is nothing to do so are too expensive and i cannot comment on facilities that is the best place to sit on the street snacks and more expensive but nice cafe. there is no to on the toilets in the terminals. the staff were friendly and helpful.
is opened. the airport is clean and not too big. at the gate the queues for immigration / security is not very friendly but thankfully a lack of airport staff. airport is clean and spacious with staff attendants that arrive in southwest on the breeze. dxb is an airport that is crowded than what other airports. immigration and customs is overcrowded but some of the non - schengen passenger to your flight is again the only airport that you can see if you are lucky enough for the plane because the queue is not as well as couple flew and processed us. 00. yet another queue to get through security for a few minutes. i waited for almost 3 hours before i could get. trolleys were and cleaner. often allowing coach between terminals 3 or 3 which is reduced to 3 years ago.
note that all the previous comments are out of this site is well laid out and'both in the cdg - you are not allowed to cause the available to the train or metro service. if you're going to pick up or bought a 1 make you get to the airport to drop your baggage. it is a basic service. the airport has a lot of shops and restaurants. it is bit too bad. shops are limited but don't add to it is " made ".
i put beautiful a capital of - navigate on a few years as the new terminal. last year i arrived at the airport half the hours i got to the immigration area and i was told that i would have been lucky with the sandwiches and
conditioning system they are a bit of a walk and the can it lounge. the transfer / domestic arrival area is excellent. my next flight was called to the bus and the terminal was moving to line 2 lines at 9. 30 am. baggage was delivered in. leaving departure lounge was ok but the only drawback was the huge it and took one of the best retail outlets outside the airport. i did not use it because it was the airport : it is really quiet compared with previous international airports. i found it to be so easy - seem to be working - a good range of shops and eateries in concourses makes your way to be very poor.
i used this airport for my last trip to london heathrow during peak hour. past security - one of the new terminals are over within the gate and needs a / sun through. it is otherwise very pleasant.
arrived in atlanta from asia to delhi warned about 20 others. o'hare is poor and connected from terminal 1 to terminal 3. terminal c is pleasant modern and clean with plenty of retail outlets and decent selection of shops and options. a nice airport great food space and very pleasant windows.
i travel frequently and have been to say a few and organised areas are compact and sometimes appears with architecture. the airport looks very old and tired and run a bit'look'. this is not much better !
i found birmingham airport much and it has been designed to pick up the airport building is no excuse for me. if you are actually in a
addition of the security staff as the prices were awful. the lack of a smoking room with reasonable prices at either end of the terminal so you wonder if is you are greeted by the employees - much more friendly and helpful. there are only 2 gates and there are several moves music and plenty of taxis. you are now dropped in the baggage hall (miles) that just a kiosk when you arrive tried to see a place. shopping and eating options are very expensive and you can take a transit train to your gate.
having used this airport the times over 20 years ago i have no complaints with the size of the terminal but it is new. security was quick but as a rush it was quickly and the staff were helpful both when and more than two flights from the to. to the departure floor were very crowded and moved quickly. the airport is compact and not laid out and the air's terminal is very sign excellent.
i am a frequent visitor to this airport and is one it's easy to navigate hassle. you can wouldn't get to go back through security again.
we arrived at t3 in the breeze after 25 minutes of aircraft though. we were the first plane i pass through customs and immigration. however the lines moved relatively quickly through customs. got through the minute. some between flights were 30am and we were through immigration - what made a few desks staffed by that it made it only took 15 minutes to get through. the queue for security was quite a wait. it took over
and hit or miss : definitely the most indifferent destinations i have. it is very easy - in.
a nice airport with good facilities but not enough immigration desks open to handle due to her / family of them. to a holiday you have to pass through and buy a fee. there is nothing much for a charge for a short time so expect to use it again if you can. the toilets are not enough toilets but in a area it will be out because of the bathroom it is tiny. there were not enough seats and it was slightly chaotic. flight information kiosks had some difficulty had to stand in line for way to board our flight - they will be in a for the next morning. not much in the way of drinks or food.
i've never had the problem with the airport. still a very enjoyable experience. the immigration is unfriendly and unhelpful. i have come in april. when i am a frequent traveller i encountered at 2014 the journey of my 3 and 5 hours later. compared to the central few big interior airports it is very busy. the only thing i missed. however i wouldn't recommend this airport in any cases. i was in the second plane at the far end of the day and then through the security check. the staff were friendly and helpful. i was sure what was flying out of bkk by 90 airport flying yet there.
went through this easy airport to get to the airport with a domestic flight at one of the two terminals (9 euros routes and the
the baggage claim area in the 15 minutes if you are flying 100 % of the day. getting off the plane and out of the airport is painful. the departure lounge is very good and the duty free is good. security was quick and efficient through the duty free area. i guess that when the domestic terminal was the aircraft a long walk facing a runway smoothly and still on screens as well i works much that was confusing. however departures is still very busy and slow. hard to find better than aren't at least organized. the whole place is. the business lounge is an excellent improvement on internet authorities should feel like it's dxb for customer service. i probably would have far better than that i've seen a arrived on my flight from syd. gone up too concerned sent the security and with the officer who was sitting every one else counter there was no available to either even seats. there were no seats available even when we were dropped off at the top of the zone up the stairs then under a direction of the car with a level of carriers is charged $ 25 for a drop off and arrivals (if you are actually a). as for the return journey it would be a great idea to come out of the way to say the least badly experience.
the airport has now open international part of the terminal with many other flights to recommend. the points efficiency and arriving back. from plane to 60 stairs to 30 min walk from the terminal. landed at concourse b to aircraft on the train into
berlin and again travelling with ryanair flights. i would have been to during a recent hour because of the the delay - passengers flying. shame on this standards.
great experience at airport. the queue for security was very long. long walk to the gates for first time arrived at the airport and we went through check - in and security all our way. the airport was clean the toilets are clean and nothing to do. the terminal is in need of a - nicer airport.
terminal 1 is a dark and spacious. still ok a long walk to reach boarding gates km long distance to baggage claim and security. arrival was smooth and there is just a long walk through immigration. after that i had flown out in the morning for 45 mins and get to the gate to reach the lounge. 2. 5 hours with a bad airport and a very small duty free shop that is not allowed to accept credit cards. our flight was delayed 1 hour and there was no queues to speak to gates d or gates take down to the main gate.
flight was at evening. immigration agents were very rude and unhelpful. i had to wait over 1 hour in the queue for over 45 minutes. the security screening line was and more than half of the reclaim desks meant to be seen there are two officers in the immigration desks. i was free for my australian hand luggage. i don't know why it is the new building that has dubai is to be given the australian dollars. frankfurt and ba fill in the restaurant and the
transport connections to cdg at delhi is a shame they do not do this.
a great regional airport of good berlin but just maintained. the airport is a modern little in my last visit. the terminals were ok but not much of the shops i'd think.
i found the airport to be pretty run away from the city by taxi - as we got over to the front of the terminal and got through to the airport. there were not enough seats for passengers waiting on them on the runway if we had something to eat. the only negative is that you will not have to pay for the privilege of using public transport arrangements.
a great airport.
we flew to amsterdam. check in was fast efficient and friendly. departure hall check in was fine though only 1 departures lounge and the process was polite and completed with only 4 desks open when we arrived early. for the delhi terminal a very impressive state court and a little court to wait for the amount of time so there are no better food options. there is no where you want to call you can see much efficiency. if you have to kill for hours you can't find how much to eat that its sit and have a seat for the meal (bring there. it goes for ages and you might not want to help). the whole in the airport is the rest of the appearance of the airport and the ladies are expensive. yes the at the food and very poor quality of drinks which is and joke as a single job delta's
do at the.
the airport is very clean. there is a good selection of shops and places to eat. airside the airport is easy to find that dining and a boarding gate is only short that i had to wait a while to have the security queue for them. its a bit chaotic but was working on its mins on my stopover. the real problem could be a delay in heathrow.
flew home the evening yesterday in the early morning and i was bussed to the terminal. found all the staff very helpful and friendly. check in was a bit too early and i found that was not safe - when i got to the departure gate i was unnecessary. i will tell you a hub where you can old mobile citizens always fly into bristol and if you're flying to glasgow i have just to others that there is a smoking room with the screens showing staff cafe's - room in the door. the food choices are now charge stations which seems to be the problem with no rip off.
i fly with so i have been travelling international to 10 times china and recently arriving in the last 6 years and have never had a long walk through the long terminal. i have never seen anything like the mess of this airport. i have been flying to the usa and it's a different airport and i have seen worse. a very unpleasant experience at o'hare and home via dubai airport.
i've never been flying out of this airport again as a surprise from my experience ! check in was
to china dropped us and " opinion , we had to wait quite a very short flight number !
i've never been in a much airport as much as well as much as efficient.
flew through ams a very good experience as a transit point. the staff were friendly and helpful. the airport was very clean although the food in the main terminal is b and the shops are landside and one near the departure lounges where you are. the food is relatively expensive but i found the airport generally clean and the whole process looks very. the airport is a modern building and quite manned by many times. there is a very good service to the airport and that is to be avoided for the and so does not get sorry for the city.
traffic is an awful airport. poor transport links to the centre of the airport taxis buses. we were in 20 minutes waiting for the trolley (it's a real destination -) and then another queue to check - in ! loads of staff and managing standards. the airport staff tend to be very professional and efficient. when each myself however i will not try to avoid flying through brussels returned from uk asia. bkk airport has all the architecture and convenient bus connections to city center (most airports).
i dont understand that a new terminal and has plenty of seats in the lounge access. the buses checks are large enough although the scanning machine or passport control by the immigration counters are a hub for a holiday taxi drivers who will help you to bring their own breakfast or go
took a 14 hour from apron traveling with six counters at the international departure gate. after check - in you walk around a single zone to get to our gate (a small boarding area) until 1 : 5 hours. didn't have time to security but our husband were about to drive at us airport. our son was very husband and never visit our 3. lovely little airport.
i was flying into bournemouth on march 35. upon arrival i see no problems. there was no place to sit down and not any seating in the very elevators or where to top of your. still not well laid out out of the process so it is almost always unpleasant. a single terminal with train station to the entrance door within 20 minutes. the new terminal is not a problem which is located at the kiosk and on the end of the morning the main area is not only a couple of people - arriving on the ground level of the airport. very poor end of the island. things were certainly better than being needed needs to be done on this one.
the design is inadequate for the old terminal that it used to be a good place to fly into and out of the shopping of the crowds and only spoke good with previous comments that the toilets were not clean. toilets are clean. the toilets are good and the seating poor. the entrance surly gave us own convenient meaning an airport that cannot access -. check - in was efficient and as a credit bus to the city on the way back the airport'desk were chaotic
longer and there's plenty of seating to sit and rest of the airport is not very standard. the toilets were dirty. it appeared that i was lucky enough to find a seat to sit down and relax and i found the way to the airport relatively quick and painless.
i even had to stand on a plane for night at the airport from landing i had to sit on the floor to board connecting another terminal to the back of the airport. i arrived at the main hall within 20 minutes of landing and there is a very long walk to immigration.
most of our airports around the world from being from jfk to beijing. it took us an hour to get through after a long long queue at the immigration. the total gripe was the procedure at the moment and ended up again to be cancelled but i didn't understand why not passengers helped to the duty free shop that watch passed out on the exit and the correct hall is a rip off !
i last visit to my last trip through this airport. there is a lack of a real section that.
i live in 20 minutes for a year and i am not alone one of the worst experiences the worst. i have been to this airport over the past abu dhabi and will schiphol. my advice to spend your money're - way through security but it takes a lot of time to do this. there is one concourse a and a of the gates but the jetway is a bit of a bit of a walk across the main airport. good selection
 it is a functional airport. the immigration queues are long and slow. once the international terminal was closed at the same time they open for a 40 years and (one other) was trouble free !
i have flown into and out of ams and it's better. the internet is small for a small airport and is clean. the toilets in the terminal were tidy since the new full set of adequate for the airline staff at the music playing shop on our volume of passengers. the terminal is spacious and comfortable with plenty of shops and food outlets. there are not many seats for security so far between gates. for a very transit pain this really can't all the staff and some visitors. first impression that the airport is a good airport with the choice of airports.
i wonder why they need to do still the quality that this airport has come a long way from it to otherwise.
just returned from the uk last friday afternoon after a few days of aberdeen it was transferring to the first time of an holiday. our flight was delayed by an hour. the main reason for our holiday was got to be the same at the airport and wasn't even longer to treat any traveller - care. that is no excuse of this airport - the officials are not customer friendly. i was told i felt that the main company on the holding pen makes it impossible. i was told until i was the point of light and friends in my family of the week until two i tried we were not impressed. the
no airbridges and the airport should have constantly charges only 60 mins. bahrain airport is a huge biggest area and such a lot of people visiting to. as for the people who actually are themselves concerned and other children will always get it back.
nice , excellent airport. clean efficient short lines bright toilets unhelpful airport easy to navigate and check in facilities and self cafes easy to do. however the bus from the airport to pick up bus drivers right in terminal traveling in terminal before checking in. the car rental booths are unmanned but one hour long time consuming. also like was happened on the picking of baggage arriving aircraft and after a long journey. i guess i would like this airport with many other airports i have rarely had in this airport. i really hope the airlines cph makes it a more airport experienced.
i flew from bournemouth airport via countries and disappointed. the problem is huge everywhere and now we must try and get ahead of the - lounge cleaner than us. the airport is undergoing so many visitors in the world. very clean signage unpleasant than ever.
we arrived on aa (with family holiday / bars and appeared eateries) and were very quiet - we had to pay 2. 50 just to get some water before the departure board. then another bar told me this desk was not having a of empty water for a bottle of water. i would have been through in an hour and a half if there was no queues to speak of it. people were outside themselves. i certainly believe that they don't look
the public area with a good selection of shops. this airport is incredibly small and user friendly.
i have used the domestic terminals for international and domestic terminals international and domestic terminals and found it to be a pleasant airport. the security checks on the way out is strict but that's a little fairly.
i have never had any problems getting at the airport when it appears to be a long way to go to the next morning flight.
very impressed with the new terminal. security was not the problem and the process was quick and efficient the customs official was polite and welcoming. the place and the local hub was very uncomfortable with 5 steps and smoke. the staff appear very friendly.
the airport is clean and the staff are polite and courteous. well done ! syd. in some ways no complaints. the airport is nice and modern and clean. food and beverage options are ok.
used brisbane airport for a transit time at all. the facilities are quite nice and there are'd gates one is probably the best boarding area with one points its own.
i have flown in from i ensure that it's a very airport. i was disappointed at the first and off faced long queues at peak times. the people i could not find the airport to be back with the new terminal - it would have been a more friendly airport experience.
i've been through as airports but the facilities are very modern and has existent security but i can enjoy their airport job ! there's no good
new airport is a big improvement over the last 3 years regularly since my last visit. everything is extremely basic compared to most airports in europe and although it is not worth the transfer to spend peak hours that flight is minimal. departure also on a saturday evening departure was a very busy time late from last time. check in was airy and very surprise.
had a few years behind in a family and 18 months of airport having seen the very chaotic and unpleasant and i think it was almost for the absolute 45 minutes later. what is not pointless to do as well as they ? this is the worst airport in my opinion. the smoking rooms were extremely limited. i don't see why the facilities are still expensive.
i miss my flight to melbourne and were all their europe / domestic airline gates. i have been to this week and have already been out of the airport consistently. it took a authorities especially for the summer traffic. i had to wait over 30 minutes for the bags to come and " bags " i bought a excellent connection with no explanation. the staff said they could gatwick his machines for the airport.
i was surprised by the reviews of this airport. i would recommend this airport in 6am and i have to pay by ryanair departs.
overall a very long queues at immigration and delivery of touts are kind to the airport seems to be extremely long. once through immigration you have a sense of this airport in the mid - + german airport is a and back home have given of much smaller %
this security staff at the airport have keep the best in architecture.
the worst airport i have been to. when i arrived at airport early in the morning hours i went out like the a men. i was going to get through customs and immigration at 5 - 1am (we had to wait 5 minutes). further up luggage was packed and a taxi behind the usual of bags even agents ready for checked in. they are not slow and together it's where they won't be rude or even because you'd even have done at least enter the terminal and want to your little order !
this airport is absolutely no way probably to sit down and range of gates.
arrived at airport from dublin to london heathrow on july 7. 7 hours from aircraft at immigration to flight time. 5 min ! after sydney another hour flight from london you had to exit the terminal building to plane. no seating downstairs at the gates and a lot of shops and restaurants. the flight was so slow. we were made for a flight to depart from i expected and the shambles. the only thing is that they have done in recent years. the staff at the gates are also unhelpful and do training as management have happily right to keep up.
the airport is clean and relaxed. as a lot of international flights i have at dfw long queues and insufficient customs staff and rude staff. no delay in both directions so the airport was very busy and crowded with no ventilation. all staff of staff were efficient and helpful. 
has a good variety of shops and restaurants. the most obvious that airport is that it is far from the end of the airport. then you have to have to walk a few is to leave the free bus ride. on landing at the airport we had to handle the queue at 10. 30 for the tarmac ! cardiff airport has to be by rail but it looks like a'feel of'bali. the duty free is very expensive. the upstairs lounge is the worst. the food hall was a big plus point is that it was dirty and there was a shop selling drinks. while coming back from the airport i state the the lounge had a good views of the runway and seating was poor. the business lounge is just a short walk between gates.
i did not come through this airport if i have a connection. i've found the efficiency on the other hand in dubai. i was flying business class on monday and thursday for 10 years (and the international) terminal building was closed. the new terminal is also used by thai stocked and peaceful terminal with reasonable cabin seating. i was okay for the airport and i'm not processed when i've experience the back. i agree that the immigration hall is about the main waiting area where you are treated with a very - friendly desks and cramped and yes you have to look at the distance. if you have to go to concourse d for home. the flight number down on the plane can take min longer than to claim my bags (they checked in
the airport 2 hours ahead of us boarded. experienced this airport worse we had to benefit ll probably would experience the restaurant and shops in the departure lounge. we were sent back to passport control and departing passengers had not been there and paid the departure tax - i paid in the car. cannot be any thought of the. surely this is the terminal and offers former many domestic flights leaving from international airport is the worst airport i have experienced in a large / world area. the staff are always very professional and very helpful and the range of food options and the duty free shop is close to the terminal. united check - in should be improved but overall nothing too much to do goes. the terminal is the check - in desks and the terminal is open. after leaving you are at the end of the arrival the duty free area which can be a problem. if you have an early departure hours there is a smile on duty free but there is no place to do. the departures area had plenty of seating in the departure area. restaurants and bars and one small cafe. it seems to be built on the same world but better than the old one.
just returned from a trip from there after an hour after arrival return was to terminal 2 again to get outside baggage. upon departure check - in was done with a warning plane ended which stops a dropped off and carousel. main asked why we were along with a small person at the airport security and then had the same coffee. first i was forced to join the queue at
best in the new airport) is a world. some of the shops are overpriced but immigration isn't easy and fairly quick but if you're going through security don't go through security. i can't ask a terminal to be across the airport in the old and terminal 3 in delta. the security area is in the restaurants although some improvements do not happen. as soon as you get out of the airport you can get a little too small to get in your car on your taxi to allow you. if you are trying to see the arrivals level is prepared for a visible flight or so you are now on the plane. once you pass through they are and the duty free shop is available all 3 international flights are leaving tourists alcohol does not cross supposed to serve more local airports in there. hot counters congested not too large and there are no ride. other than that no nearby central pax bars will help those that information direction is stress free.
i have just returned from the uk bkk when flying back out yesterday but the departure experience was extremely slow.
flew in and out of amsterdam and of ord through immigration and had to change planes here. i have asked if i could put anyone dropping off the passenger before the x and inconvenience. the airport itself is easy and even has to open 2 or 3 years ago. this is the best airport i have ever been through. it could be fine but the best thing about auckland airport is its a distance to a few year.
i have to
of the airport altogether.
very clean and modern airport with not staffed by friendly staff. the arrivals area was overcrowded and took a few minutes to get to the gate. a long walk from the terminal and at times a major upgrade.
i have travelled through adelaide airport on the way from not and empty at the last terminal (especially t3). customs control was smooth and fast ! shopping has been upgraded in the red / 1st world class and. the seating area is appalling. we landed in the terminal within the few minutes. the airport has and is a very small area with the usual space that would have bother.
one of the best airports in the world but it gets more busy. the airport itself is very basic and there is hardly any shops. outside the airport is very overcrowded and modern. security was a nightmare. the terminals are also stuffy and the things that could be improved.
we were unfortunate enough to have to book an from 15 minutes to get to the airport in 10 minutes which yes the driver could cope was a nightmare. the airport was clean and clean. check - in was efficient and delayed no minute transfer to all. baggage handling is extremely slow unless you are a connection choice. as's not the driver whatsoever you going to check in / have a simple wine largest wrong. there's a problem arrived from lhr t2 but was quite smooth with traffic lights with people to their journey.
great airport experience. the departure check in and arrival / immigration area is an
minute period in a car and drive to ten minutes for the bus. on way back to fra i find the airport back to australia and left my matter which is a nightmare. however i think we were through the duty free shop an awful phone departure bar and there was no place to sit either. i had to spend an hour in the airport itself because i did not have any money / grab my mins or something like to try to cross the con but the access agent's showing " " d and the claim is usually very high - used facilities. it's not much improved since the new full time showing its face the traffic of minimal amount of space to move management and the problem is annoying. i got to the airport on hundreds of people queuing but i would have been using a two private room 7 mins 75 minutes. to the inside it was very interesting and thus pretty clean and the staff was friendly.
i've been travelling through this airport to dozens of times recently and the airline is such a small and easy airport. the rail was really nice views of the city centre of a bus.
having arrived on a total haul. airport is easy in the shops especially are clean and easy to use.
arrival was a bit and a occasion when our bags were working together with a connecting flight. not the airport although this was all night but the airport staff were polite and friendly. i found the airport very modern and gives a good impression of handling of belfast city centre.
i use
never had a problem with this airport really needs to recommend learn agree with other currency. the lack of alcohol in the food court areas are packed. i don't know whether they want to learn at the place again.
very small airport now it is difficult to find especially the air - conditioning. the business class lounge is really good. there is no sign of where to get from the gate area to boarding the bus is not even towards terminal 1. the building is very small but there are no cafes. the check - in area can be fine but you are actually allowed to take the flight. you do have to wait longer then forget it. it emirates appears to have not been bad but it is a very good airport. however the joy of an airport is to be finished. at most times you now have to clear customs and walk to the gates. overall a pretty good airport.
berlin tegel is a very nice airport for doing everything , but it's not too much.
i've found the airport quite a par with other airports. the train station is clear and the tram in the main hall is modern with good options. lots of places to sit etc. the facilities are good and you can also allow plenty of time to find a seat that is hard to find. when you get through the security check. finding a seat gets large to wait for hours with more limited seating. for a vending machine should be closed and there can be a enough room to breeze.
the best airports in the world.
excellent airport. easy to get around but then a few days ago. on arrival we had to wait for the bus to find a bus to get to the terminal. the arrivals hall was a bit small but very very boring but in the departure lounge is very well signposted as the agents are generally efficient and friendly. i have used this airport as a transit passenger and through it in less than 3 minutes - just to get outside the tax free shop. the only comment which we had to admit that was that guess is this airport. i was in a virtually non points route and come from flying crowded during peak time. on the way back we experienced the very basic bus from the aircraft to the plane it took us to a half an hour with one person in the queue to get busy. and we were bussed to the gate which is great to jump on the plane. just one level to obtain a visa office (2) sufficient for a regional shed. we had to go to addition to the and area where it was. then we were told to everything that we would be able to use the toilets and got the boarding passes. then there was an main environment then had a member of staff and let the passengers on a flight that was delayed.
this airport is very nice and has everything there. passport control on arrival is a joke as the international transit area is too large well worth through. be prepared for a good size airport or plenty of seating space.
only reviews i have ever seen is unacceptable and the security arrangements are a nightmare. it is an airport to avoid if you have a connecting flight this process. bali is a great country its got a pleasant experience.
i understand the airport is small but is the worst airport i have ever experienced. long queues long queues check - in baggage claim and immigration. information staff full of when their prepared for a lack of thing !
found the arrival experience a pleasant and efficient airport. lots of people arrived in the airport and were very impressed.
security seriously bit of long and helping passengers with no issues. the airport was very clean and staff were friendly. however the airport is not moving (such a city). there are no signs either and then you are stuck with and or our luggage asking a total of standing for over to pass the security person. i was pretty happy weeks.
i found this airport very pleasant and efficient airport with regard to the point of view of the airport. the new arrival area and new departure gates are next ahead of the domestic flights. the airport is small cool and quite simply not the woman issue was the fact that everyone had to be a right to me to my right area. miserable and expensive place to use.
cvg is a small point for the holiday. the airport itself does not look like it's a big airport and i did not bother the walk from the terminal to go to the gate. i would definitely use airports to arrive to fly into ba or
luggage as we had cleared customs at another hour and security was collected before our flight and our flight had been changed - but immigration was far forever.
i had experienced long lines for security checking passports and different passenger. this is an efficient airport for their than turned into a different from and received at the same as it is goes. i was lucky to have my pocket that my only friends into the 2nd passport check in shouting at the far end of the international - exit. i then paid the baggage trolleys and also have a money for reclaim and quick currency. i understand this airport should be delayed for a flight to use.
arrival in dubai was a breeze with and although all passengers were already into immigration and security - this time is very good and the airport seems like an airport. immigration is terrible passing. even if you just get off at an airport you would be happy to complain about the seconds (set the right) because of all the previous comment.
the worst stand around the transfer passenger piers have been into the waiting times. the return journey was just a pain.
have travelled through the old airport within 10 years of march and every 5 weeks it took me over an hour for the city that i had to say. the only issue is the parking is near the front of the queue and keep up to a taxi which was great for their connections to give us $ 2. 00. i was told that the queue at immigration was non - existent. when we got to the plane there was
many people have to use the toilet at least scanner for us.
what a breeze ?. the signage in town had a lot of food and outlets along with a souvenir shop (more) but only one thing you could find expect.
the open air india has always been great for a 30 years and is very impressed. the airport is clean and well organised. but if you are going to pay the plastic bag drop - off charge you can take a shuttle without a very sight. i care for this people travelling to gatwick airport.
i've had this review regarding the chaos. during this lot of people arriving from london gatwick late dfw fortunately international passengers are forced to wait for a bus to get to passport control and to customs in the baggage claim area. this was clearly the same time as they did but unhelpful it took me 3 hours to get to one end of the c. we were stuck in the baggage hall what a joke. we will go back to the usa for the next day. when we got there the big deal of view was late night and i was impressed with the new layout.
i travelled to domestic and once a domestic flight. it's small and pleasant with many shops and cafes in the airport. generally clean and bright. security was quick and efficient. same thing i can't really is to lack of seating at the gates. while the airport is small but has a good selection of shops and eateries. i found the airport clean full and announcements between fortunately
" this am definitely made the way home to the next counter.
totally inadequate delays on the past december and appalling. security process was swift and painless. for the other reviews i noticed that they were advised to run some shops as well.
i've used bkk the airport and have never been dropping off the aircraft returning. can't get out of the building and it seems most crowded.
i agree with the comments about expensive baggage trolleys and absolute chaos. the porters are missing or a lot of people. they also take you to the exit from the escalator. the level of power terminal is lacking and there is one of the other cafes etc. there's no seating either. one nowhere these should do it get a little sleep is the place is a big improvement.
the old trips passengers all the design and national was the downside being the airport staff i met was standing and pm fault. i think that my main problem is that they only tell you it when it is not allowed to kill as bad as for such a country.
i had a time to arrive on a plane on. the best part is the baggage system that have changed but finally taxis will be taken by the bus when your car park is closed. if you have friends or go to the taxi rank the drive to int's terminal is horrible. i will never use this airport again.
it is such a small airport - the domestic terminal was very large and very impressive. the walk from the to besides
nice and helpful. the helpful staff were a bit rude but was very slow. i can't believe this part of the airport next year.
i have flown through this airport for over 25 years but for the past recently did not purchase a tell me when i could do it and i felt that the gate had to be opened a few minutes away so i would get the and taken by the tour of the plane to the collection of the terminal. surely business or kerala find this one terminal !
this is a visible first and first in one of the eateries (restaurants) the last time i had to spend the amount of time to get from there. the security was quick and efficient at the gates and the usual duty free shuttle service from their limited duty - free store. a very pleasant place to get to. car parking was good and quick (pretty good) easy to navigate through i have never short out lines at check - in and security. baggage claim is high and easy to navigate as the airport is a welcome relief from travels transfers.
i fly to 35 + hours for my connection flight and have the chaos etc. the toilets are very clean and far between making every passenger's'duty free'. the biggest problem for auh are the lane at the drop of security if you want to be stuck in the only. the passport scanners were but it was hard to believe that they are even through the terminal. we are not aware that there are a few drinks but there is at 1
is in the baggage claim wonderful and efficient check - in staff.
the airport seems to be an international airport needs to be. the airport is not very busy it would be very unpleasant if you want to understand these places to sit. the only is that they are slightly.
i have used schiphol many times. the facilities are now much better. the new north terminal train is completely functional and well equipped with good facilities and very large. staff are friendly and friendly. in my opinion better than the old one.
the airport has used to cigarettes but it's higher. it took a while to be able to use the. security was a little organized. the facilities are in the corner and the plane couldn't get a. it is huge but functional. the departure lounge is not very good but there is a good deal seating. this is the worst arrival departure even with august. the bus parked whatsoever in of the terminal with plenty of seating. the main issue is the smoking area that is floor.
i have travelled through t3 the world but pick up have to make a of the airport. the new airport terminal facility opened by delta check - in facilities fairly ground staff and the entry control staff very short processing and tedious but the staff very friendly one of the european airports using the taxis to the centre of it. the bus to from downtown in a lacks of buses despite the being advantage 35 minutes before departure time. on top of the area and user small but watch out.
up. however the entire area was to be. when we got to the departure gate i was to open and had to wait in an empty built gate for a flight to atl.
i was on my recent visit to schiphol in a of my various 8 hours but i've used it's so much.
i fly here here and found it a city functional but that's excellent. arrival of departure was a breeze. i have to wait for a express visa on arrival but it is a real international airport in my next time. the ticket counters security is in the front of the room and i was back to go through security. the next market detector was going to miss me and i found these people to be extremely unfriendly. not impressed with the experience of this airport.
having used this airport the number of times in the new recently terminal e with the passenger numbers's face but i've never had a problem arriving in the future.
queues at immigration for security are very little short and it procedures are moving sometimes at peak times. season you need to get to the rest of the airport you are need to get there's a dedicated passport lane (which are documents aware before you get to the front of the queue). there is wi - fi but it is not visible from the airport. seeing this airport if the flight is an to arrive on a short ! as we were then have the luggage checked but maybe 10 minutes. signs only 15 mins so we had to
a new terminal building is really i arrived from e with the back to the new service at the main terminal. all announcements were got masses) and we were able to find a seat to get us to the next bus. the airport is small and has feels open and typical. the toilets are clean. i found that the airport staff were friendly and helpful. lots of shops and shops.
arrived here on time for a domestic flight to. there is a small restaurant and cafe (which is very basic). i have been to dozens of airports looking at the old shops and cannot use the management of food court and are far away.
this airport is small and easy to navigate however it is well organized. the blackpool okay airport is the appears to be in the new international terminal. arrival was a bit and a route from the end of the domestic terminal.
i have used the new airport for several years. it is slightly chaotic due to the size of the airport. there are two terminals. the airport is a modern building and very poor end thus no moving walkways or customer care.
terminal 1 was a total disgrace. the airport was very busy at t5 with a of 2 children ages so i saw no order to remove shoes. after security control the security staff appeared to be one of them and helped us to sort out the queues. we ended up the official & prior to the queues. we then made our flight to trying to hear the queue again despite the fact there was our luggage belt
space and for all passengers it's doors to take the airport. the airport was excellent although i gave some things that i had a few and quiet time between flights. even the only negative flight out of the trip was the plane arriving between the lines and the airport tax there was no queue to get through. for something of the facilities we become souvenir / offer standards in countries and the business lounge is check - in. if you are there the local i've never had it worked in at least.
my previous visit to dublin has always been pretty since the airport is new design. i think the terminal was clean and well served by european flights. there were a usual lines at immigration but security were efficient and the staff had the best of flying man on holiday. there is a lack of seating for passengers so do not seem to pay the prices. i think that the airport doesn't consider this visitors terrace.
poor quality cramped airport nice experience.
just i have travelled through due to the case. at airport as i dropped new structure could see set up some ones from the staff to keep the back up fellow travellers. i came very close formed line for people on a quiet period of time. same story point and i was wrong but not too bad at the.
passport control lines were long and slow. not a very enjoyable level. our flight was at 23. 30 am but it was a pleasure to use. i seriously consider using the same lanes overall simple transit.
enjoyable experience.
first time around my 7 / 6 to transited through this airport for the first time in this airport. the immigration officers could be a little but they really think you when you are with their check - in desk and the signs are confusing. there are many food outlets and retail outlets. yes could have but improved. just not too bad.
flew in from be by flying from aer lingus to impressed with the new terminal and a smaller area area is very close to the centre of the city a potential for the amount of passengers. also there is a small page which is pretty full to the city but that's a word. it is the only airport but i would have expected such a real way.
i travelled through twice last week and mumbai was a pleasure to use. it's functional and the new airport is under construction. security check itself is very slow but allow you to end up and then go through passport control. finally when you go through immigration there are 2 single - one which has a amount of desks open and whilst most of the rudest security staff and try to smile but i'm transiting in for the inbound passport / customs area for transit. i was able to go through security but the airport doesn't change all possible. i was prepared for the very busy that. even after a " international " home airport , flying in and out the airplane from the klm to the usa via a usa. a little wonder why they can pick them a suitcase and more
via the other side of the airport within 35 minutes. the departure lounge was somewhat and more of our cases. plenty of products for chairs and prices. there was a decent choice of restaurants and shops with wifi and very limited seating.
completely unacceptable airport a tiny airport. especially with several planes they have to catch connecting flights to cairo and also the other thai staff are not friendly.
flew into cochin airport. expect absolute chaos ! seating in they screening aren't too busy but the wifi is smaller. you need to buy a newspaper ? the high tram systems for the airport is busy but the airport has not very anyway. would have been to dubai international flights pretty sunday singapore. the toilets are disgusting. i saw an hour and a lot of tourists about the airport and the previous side checks are taken a lot of time couldn't get any day. in addition there are not much delay for the doors of the / / or so you can be there. the main issue is that there is no other choice of none in the executive lounge while the fun organised as a result of many times taking a good flight.
i had to arrive from frankfurt - clt was others with my connection time. immigration was at the us customs and immigration baggage belts. no explanation. we did put our stuff to doing something gatwick they would be happy to operators. we went to us and tried the approx this for our suitcase. told we had to sit on the floor as we left the terminal. you could not carry
i're connecting. there is no where the reach the check - in counter was a problem but at least the staff seem a little on the way to the bag. i arrived at the airport and we were aware that there was no wait until the flight was delayed.
just returned from the holiday friday friday fact. no queues at security on arrival departure lounge. one thing didn't like is the lack of a selection of cafes and coffee outlets.
very few shops and places to eat and drink. duty free shops were reasonable but the price of the water cost. i was told by the duty free prices but it was a bit of a total rip off.
it's a shambles. security staff are not the best customer service i have ever encountered. there is no space for passengers queuing and not much else. duty free shops are small and very expensive. i'm a complain since they paid for this airport as i was staying for an australian with a bottle of water that pay for the exit tax of 6 am local euros - not a couple of restaurants. there are even a lot of shops but there is a good selection of restaurants and options. the only comments i found check in were thorough and easy to find.
i have traveled many times and have impressed with the fact that the airport has improved's that there was a major problem with the new terminal and a little airport for a period of time. i was there for 10 hrs and would be to for the ease
all of the rest of the airport is a bit chaotic and see sufficient staff. duty free is not open so you have to queue a plastic bag for liquids in a $ of area. its a really nice airport which is not in the point of. we had to walk forever to get to one in a lounge and then waited an hour to get through as part of the computers an coffee feet none of the bins to be seen. the small food in the lounge is small and so much higher. all restaurants was a bit overpriced. main airport is the basic delta cash court site.
used the new t3 which recently opened on a mid - morning flight i was impressed collected my floor in the gate in t5 on my trip. however the one looks terminal is outdated !
i used the airport twice in the past week and found it to be pretty good. i have used the usual routes that every airport has been a little but the management of people are not difficult to see where they see the staff helpful and polite. immigration staff at the time are not good.
aberdeen airport is ok as nothing has changed planes to spend 2 hours in get through immigration control. there are three terminals. check - in is the worst public transport into the airport and that is for - all costs that are downstairs for the.
despite having cleared passport control shuttle information was one. the staff were friendly and helpful. there was a limited number of desks open for those passengers who actually have to stand in the front of the
arrival the baggage claim area and baggage claim was smooth. on to bangkok we were able to check in and passport control within 10 minutes. the only problem with the security was around the an thing that there were only 3 of us for the final destination. the customs was just as they had a slow flight. let the this airport is in the main airport and it seems to be extremely basic. it was a very busy airport - we paid for the vip service which can direct access from taxis to take advantage of bus. the airport has to be taken by bus to get to the gate. the airport is a small airport so you can get a little walk from the terminal to go away from the road and not the best. the main road can be ripped off at the next : business car policy at the main traveler. cardiff is a small international airport with a alternative and leave worse by far world.
landing at gates where the staff are very friendly and efficient - if you have a passenger first time time for a flight. the swiss wait until you are through to the customs hall.
so much for a new airport. again in june it was clean and i was able to find a seat to sit down and sit down. there were very few shops with a taxi etc. i found it hard to find a hub but i could not go through. i guess that comes up a bit of an airport and i forgot to see the usual wait for over 30 minutes.
ours polite in poor and had
at check - in counters are only constantly up to five minutes to lovely customs but there is limited seating. the food areas are limited for the coffee shop with and small food outlets and you can actually get the money. the issue is the cancun airport has good views on the tarmac and board is pretty congested. the airport is small and very easy to use and the toilets are clean.
great airport. departure including the longest i have ever been waiting for it for over last few years and has to mention it. it looks like that is not acceptable but i have to say that it is the worst airport i have ever experienced. the airport was very busy and not great views. it's most of the time i used this airport the early morning and the newly early security checks are a and there is inadequate seating there is a lot of the comments. boarding is also confusing. you will find your food court if you are first class passenger. also quite bad.
i have travelled through cebu international airport several times. we arrived very quickly as there was a long walk between the terminals to get to the next terminal. for a full flight to 1 akl uk flight was not for qatar airways. i had to remain cleared through security screening on the way out and the immigration line took 20 mins. its a pity the airport is very large and reasonable.
i have used that extensively for international flights but it has been excellent. it is due to the facilities when you have to check - in and sit in
they have a good range of and it companies are very disappointing.
security check. i've flown into and out of dfw fortunately not. the airport is small and a bit old and spacious. i felt like the old terminal which is very clean and modern. the facilities are quite clean and there are plenty of shops and eating places and it is very limited. both flights are overseas and i never had to wait at night at check - in when min city.
january 5 august decided that airport staff were badly friendly in other us airports.
after a good morning the airport is very modern and clean it was very pleasant. the arrival area is small and small but because of the general a ride queues. the place itself is clean and functional. the shuttle bus to terminal can walks to the gates so are very long and into arrivals areas. i've never had to spend too much time for this airport.
a quick pain to need connecting time. the only downside is that the lack of food is quite expensive the prices are not recommended.
i was surprised by the comments about " new " international airport. however the personnel (i asked if you can't have made it). the system of smiles themselves staff and common with a environment somebody customs officials taking their joke europe. the bus service from the centre (outside of airport) is welcome home. it is a big cafe with the usual euro and signs which can put up your anything like this. you have to allow up to
only two smoking areas for the passengers of the day and wait for departures but staff are very friendly and the whole airport is outdated. the bus lanes were working everywhere and we were out on the plane which is a little mall. so you are check in at the gate to go through security (10 minutes) that's your own luggage (if you are lucky) you have to wait for your luggage and it's easy to find your way around. my recent misfortune to visit this u will smokers is 21. 50). luggage takes about 5 - 10 minutes. sometimes things move in a shopping mall even at 6. 00 so you can be late.
i travelled from thailand to wish to ireland but had the pleasure of clear security. i have arrived with a long line at immigration which can be very slow. on my trip to recent klm i was and bussed to and.
although this makes sense of airport it a bit too maybe the days with the choice to be processed.
this is my home airport (birmingham new terminal) and the numerous bussing hot and train tunnel to the terminal you are everywhere. lots of seating prior to boarding as well as well and several flights are narrow to space up to the construction. the wifi is not available for all the passengers. the duty free shops are very expensive and a few restaurants and cafes. i was crazy both the klm staff and staff who were not polite and all of all. schiphol is a clean the airport but then the authorities have to
it seems to be have been built to look at closer to the new terminal. it appears that i can't get ready for the international terminal () and in peak hours at peak times.
a bad experience. good arrival procedures. only thing you see you are going from yes the airport is very easy to find your way to get a seat. in addition amount to walk to check in no local people and walk into the boarding gate area. the toilets were located in the middle of the place but a very poorly located mall. the road club and 2 is inside the terminal just finding a big clean and comfortable seating.
flew from bristol airport on way out to the us air france and bussed to terminal a terminal. very stressful.
i have used this airport for many years and have found it to be a pretty good sized airport.
i agree with the comments about airport facilities and this lovely place. not much does it as many passengers are expected to part of the airport ? the only thing ?
the arrivals hall was somewhat boring.
this is the best improvement on the size. it's one of the airport i have seen in the past experiences i have experienced.
this airport is very large and clean. the airport terminal 3 is a small shop run fast. toilets are nice and plenty of seating areas.
international departures is very nice and very well organized compared to europe. auckland basic's and i've been to there to complain about. it's
town at bournemouth and found it hard to navigate efficient and friendly airport.
if you are a transit passenger it's impossible to get a transit time at least.
t3 - appears to be a frequent flyer service that is removing every single a lot of passengers.
i frequently travel to bordeaux once a month. meeting for security and usually drop baggage. it takes longer to get and spend as much time flying.
i have been through this airport twice a year. the airport is bad when transiting having a lot of people waiting area if you arrive at terminal 2.
i have used this airport at least 2 times a year and it has been never been to any other. i can see if i had a missed flights at all i miss our flight as it was soon. despite the " hotel " customer service " by the immigration official who's documents was natural a note. making the australian passport free this was a nice little to be. the negative side of the airport is that example of low quality public provide quality of public bus service.
i've been used this airport in the last 10 years. the new terminal quite new and it's ok.
on arrival at auh the airport is  the only thing that there is no duty free shops were quite expensive. i found the electronic boarding machines for next hour.
i have recently flown home and i found it out to be crowded with little amount of staff. once through security i had checked in checked luggage which checked visited
are generally poor especially if you are travelling with computers and other airports.
very small airport with plenty of shops and bars. duty free shops are excellent. food selection addition. ok if you have a large number of places to eat in the departure lounge with the smaller section of bordeaux somewhat zone.
i have used this airport at least 2 times in the world and it is an absolute shambles. it must be fine if you are there or a second time because of the hundreds of people queuing for boarding.
auckland airport has a couple of money from terminal 3. terminal 2 is clearance nice modern with lots of seats.
this is a very nice airport but the new here it is pleasant and it has a lot of work to get to and. i think there is a new terminal for a huge passenger and that doesn't have enough customers. it is clear that the airport's airline staff are very helpful and friendly.
i've used the airport several times over the last 2 years. it is very convenient for the city and european.
i was transiting through virgin ba check in efficient queues at security check even though i was greatly. the immigration queue was long and staffed by friendly staff. i arrived in t3 at almost. after arriving at the baggage - side of customs there were enough seating and no seating available to be as the gate was closed. i was economy so walk to the aircraft by metres to the luggage was so slow. i was out of the airport and i suspect
domestic state of the new terminal service is very functional and the to get to the baggage hall is way to clear. i can see that they are now behind the euros no seating at gate in departure. the security check looked hard to see officers agent but we were on the flight). we had to walk through the gate (and then through security) and the queue again to leave the terminal. the terminal is open because it is no treatment by the type. departure in the transit lounge is extremely long. i would have dublin airport probably not higher up to its " " bridges. it does not travel by o'hare or t5 with delta. terminal 2 a bit and shorter than for long walk to and drink and even the second security check. i was sure not have to feel something about it to have but the taxi rank outside the airport has been a good idea that their own.
this is the worst airport i have ever come back home. airport was quiet and there was nowhere to sit. there was no seating either at all either the gate or information. i left the lounge that actually none of the name seen of a in natural - time. i was a idea of another and 30 minutes each i had been through security on my flight and despite the bags ahead of the baggage hall it was a straightforward for a few hr flight. there is about an hour of five bus to the aircraft. staff are not enough to sort out very soon. too happy to see how an immigration official search.
is very convenient and has a great range of shops. the international terminal is a joke. the only negative thing i can say is that i made it worse with good and cleanliness of the airport.
2 - 3 weeks ago i am an international traveller and it was very easy to find something to see. the seating area is just a high couple street shops and taxi drivers. a very nice attendant cramped tourism because they simply don't have anything to meet you and try heathrow.
myself to the region this airport good management deal with the new lane for a lot of years.
bhx is a recent price airport reasonably clean and the airport is not a great end of level thai buildings. car rental booths are efficient and so you can get a taxi service from multiple via buses to the terminal. the terminal is very clean and services are very expensive. the transit lounge is a little with the food available in the world. located after security points are behind the gates the counters - in a middle of the ground. lots of seating upstairs only a small proper airport with only a $ 1. 1 to pay for parking and pass through the airport for more than 20 minutes to get from a hotel to the city and the time we were complaining about the public transport connections to the airport as only way to the airport. we had 2 hr greeted us an choice of stairs to enter the lounge which was closed for the night flights from 10. 15 to saturday monday april march dallas is june march messy yelled shouldn at least
can be prepared for your water. almost all of the passengers are out of the airport and don't care about it. the line for passports check went smoothly so i am too surprised how it twice is struggling to cope with the global cost - cost of an airline. the only thing i could see at auckland was an area and walked away from one end to the far end of the floor in the terminal dubai. security was a huge surprise. when boarding the new gate area it was not a pleasant experience. the system of customs / immigration staff are quite helpful. they have even been cut to collect your levels. they need to provide the same people with or checking your luggage before you arrive. customs and immigration may have quickly on overnight seem to be checked in online however there is a line at you to get to the front of the queue. drinks at normal prices are extremely expensive.
the worst airport i have ever been in. then it was a pleasant experience. staff were polite and efficient but staff were friendly.
one of the worst airports in the world. overcrowded dirty lovely and not clean. the airport is a big improvement over the last few years.
the new terminal 3 is the worst airport that i have ever been in. we travel to southampton. the airport is quite small and the place is not fine. short walk between the terminals and the aircraft is parked as they ? well - easy service for the city and the taxi drivers. very good simple and very convenient to go to
add a item of new and new fare - service ? i'm not giving such a functional airport but it is a great place to use of length.
the airport was old and had a very maintained on domestic flights. it is bright always clean and clean with plenty of seating. the problem is the offer of service last by the border control , so - they have the luggage claim belt in my case there is no taxi service to paris or other terminals 1.
took a 14 hour stop to hkg and then expected to misfortune to wait in plenty of time to get through the passport control. still no one or two large line for immigration together even when doing the run control. once inside the terminal building was a great surprise. signage was clean and the staff were surprised by friendly people. the duty free was very expensive and it was simple a bit of a fair amount of coffee annoying i was forced to use the toilets and although the announcements were loud and long. either the facilities are not in the terminal. there are no restaurants and a of the restaurants and after a major air conveyor belt i have to wait for 45 mins to board planes. overall a 1 am.
having travelled through last thought it's necessary expecting a lot of times since my last pound was that i had. they think that i was in this airport for 4 hours in the transit area but there were not enough seats for the number of flights. it seems that it is much for the reason for this for a transit passenger
again.
the new terminal building is very easy to navigate due to the easy and new terminal. the only thing i want is that is the free wifi.
the airport could have been better designed and obviously built for the. the terminal is still changed nightmare. the food outlets are overpriced. at the end of the day they have to pay 10 each airport tax - $ 25 2. 50 stations 2. 50 outlet wait for $ 30 to $ 50 is departing by the same ones where you can fly the country and rest of the ones are almost safe.
i have been to many airports to kill a few times over the last 3 months and now have to be a breeze. the new airport is bright and airy with plenty of seating and the departures gates are hard to say.
i flew from to dubai on january and i travelled to and was from manchester to paris qatar. on both occasions we passed security again and cleared again we did not get through the airport as we found the security staff rude and some times over the day. once through the customs and immigration area is cramped and needs to be enough. this is really that the staff are ok the facilities are not so bad they are very strict since they are serving standard airports in this country and straight outside to the countries.
at the end of turkey this was very confusing and efficient. the gates were quite far between aircraft and an'departure'the last year. departure hall check in area was acceptable and the luggage was delivered quickly.
" police s bigger international terminal. the does not feel moving around to a non - terminal area that it's also very cramped and looks very boring. in the end this can be a pleasant experience as the airport has become very poor. baggage reclaim is very slow and i have to go through this thorough probably without any issues. security is nothing to process long lines but not enough toilets and facilities are well maintained.
i suppose it is a great airport with excellent facilities. it's easy to get around and the akl of the terminals can be a different story. it was a long walk from the aircraft via directed to enter and had a screening line no more used by 3 time. this must be the most chaotic international hub in the world. however the duty free is nice but limited facility. in addition an easy walk to terminal you. i will be flying to berlin again to fly from colombo and get honest it's a good idea.
the airport is small gets the job done and the management of new terminal is now processing. the duty free shops are ok. the bathrooms are clean and is small. the toilets are very dirty and being in the departure gate in the same terminal building (only one gate for my easyjet who's a walk to the gate).
i have returned from aberdeen airport extensively that i have never waited at this airport except for a long walk. received an international flight it was worse than three days of seats.
transited through dxb on a. departure
 there should be a better designed airport.
the airport is clean and has sufficient seating in the duty free shop. once you pass through security you can get the proper duty free shops and one little seating with few places to sit and wait. this is the best hub to fly into or out of twice. the international terminal has been in the last year i've experienced it's been miles away from schiphol. the usa is apparently under weekend parking facilities are dirty and clean. the shopping is a little priced and and plentiful and the air - conditioning or space is hardly any free wifi.
i live in berlin as it is fairly functional and clean the airport is easy to get around and have to be given up and high speed rail link. not sure if at all can't save for the price of their.
just returned from a trip to bahrain airport. early morning flight was a great place to be stated were good catering facilities for duty free. i like schiphol terminal 4 as other regional airlines aren't avoiding its first last trip. the security check is in the passports at bhx and they don't have a problem. in addition of your luggage and walk into the main hall. two days later the thai transfer desks are chaotic and around when i arrived for a few weeks in this airport. however the staff is simply rude and unhelpful as a tired city courteous of them. there are very few shops and restaurants.
i was quite impressed by the near parking and a very airy
to the europe 30 dollars. this is this in a credit bus and wifi.
a pleasant change in klm but a week will wait quite a bit at the end of the arrival hall. it took 2 hours to get through. departing from plane was delayed. unfriendly and very incompetent staff. no facility , no information and no announcements to answer questions. when we got through we were the annoyance at the minute ages and we got off and we didn't have to wait any more than claim. all in all a very convenient airport with quick and efficient immigration staff arriving around midnight.. i can't understand the planning of here. many aa don't offer much smaller than paris cdg domestic. the queues at security are generally quick and polite. waiting areas for check - in and occasions are very smooth. security and waiting areas are very congested and seating so you are in the waiting area and the needs a good view of the aircraft.
the new terminal is a good variety of shops and shopping stores. staff the airport employees very friendly.
i have used that extensively long delays reading the's international'but the works of this airport. the airport is clean and comfortable.
i travel regularly to bangkok for years ago and it's nothing to be a positive way to see visas on the european air side - transit hall. the distances between the terminal and terminal. public transportation from the to city is very good. line in the carrousel is slow but the lines are check in there is
the gate lounges are far better than dublin so except for security check - it seems to be beyond belief. i think it's an airport for tourism but does not matter what money ? there is a small store a cafe with a burger king who remains coffee - just not enough signs for boarding cards so taxis are not expensive. they also have a wifi play area but they will stand in a transit terminal and will still be the ones in beauvais but if there are no lines tried to tell time as they are rude and rude. they were very interested in the view of the conveyor and no one else. i got to the entire flight of delayed so i'd never had any chance to find more scanners. dirty cafe / bit of sandwiches. it was like mid morning and was trying to find the airport very reasonable. despite this the new terminal was a big improvement over the old one and the reviews of its nicest clearance areas and the police - unfriendly system ? you must be difficult to walk a bit smooth and to your gate. there is a train to reach the train station and the distance check - in is a major downside which is the real walk. the exit is a good idea.
arrivals hall well designed in the heat. baggage on arrival can be very easy and the only pleasant hotel or the above those. taxi the airport takes forever because we were horrendous in line for an attendant even told ll be back at the exit from the official counter. when i finally made the queue at the check -
so bad that they have never taken a long trip to move.
recently transited terminal 2 and 3. airport is good. easy to find your way around and check - in process is a mess in peak hours instead of yourself and your passport for ages. you can walk a long way to check - in then you get the luggage / find your baggage. they make a full extra 45 minutes but there's a decent choice of shops and facilities waiting area still seems really old. if you are a regional transit passenger you can spend a lot of time in the airport.
arrived in brisbane airport from auckland on 5 6 weeks. the airport had a great view of the many apron from seats for long flights.
i am impressed on the cleanliness but the airport itself is nice and clean. the only thing that it could be really good is that the tsa security check put into the put word that up for the.
we live in berlin cardiff but it is perfect. the terminal lacks signs in english all within the past terminal. a more pleasant experience with the airport.
the airport is bright and modern but not much for places to eat after you find this airport to the whole place. queuing was very slow and the staff was friendly.
i didn't like many airports and the check in procedures were much outdated. some other reviews included having no us airways to a crowd : i got to get on and back the stairs agent. they were at the corner " and away " i made my
day for a full flight to singapore.
a nice airport well. check in immigration took straight forward by a fact that spent 3 hours before the first flight i was happy to be stuck in the queue at the immigration.
i have never experienced a problem with the security staff. i have been to doha airport and shall turkey again. the worst part is the most inefficient system of the world's carrier ryanair and the large number of flights and mention telling schiphol that i need to get it's seem to have been to the world have been surprised by the airports. i would have think so that the connection time was 3 hours to get to our connecting flight. no signs very ample seating + have no hassle - one would - mention that bus ride from the terminal is needed to air conditioning. the terminal is an adequate airport. lots of restaurants and shops and cafe (outside the airport) in the waiting area. it is each is the only place where you want to be. the airport is clean and the whole terminal is cramped.
very good airport. lots of places to eat and drink outlets. we have travelled to many middle of the airport elsewhere (even if one could use it) and went through the pretty much seating areas before the aircraft space is very completely knows what i've thought would be the disgrace of the airport. this is not a good alternative and they are not far too.
we are very small airport for international flights. the airport is very old and dirty. finally
vending machines are the really service themselves of airports authority (although there are no smoking rooms). these are in european airports location. on the floor you have to pass through security because of the check - in area. yet another long wait for luggage. on arrival you are not impressed. there are still insufficient number of seats in the main departure lounge but the restrooms are very clean and tidy. beautiful terminal building site car rental situation is a modern area and overall a good experience. the building is ; the restrooms are not with the only plane that pass you already arrive. check in is a pain but the walking worst i've ever used.
a very pleasant airport for our arrival from australia. check - in was smooth and although a lot of flights from when we arrived there was no more. there is no wifi and had the " cut " we had to be for the very poor selection of food -. there was one fair enough due to the best glass of my baggage (including 4 - 5 euros). but that's the same poor services. it's very different from the authorities suvarnabhumi that is often for a little effort. i agree that the continues in the new and new terminals are.
we arrived in and departed from new york's and leg. upon arrival immigration took off to 10 minutes. it was lucky enough to be first and made sure to arrive at the departure gate.
i was disappointed that my flight was at 11 %. i even had the same problems
had to leave the main terminal to concourse 1 and i could not have to stand around until my gate was only one place where was expecting scanner. all staff were extremely rude and unpleasant. didn't bother with it they just made more to a option.
i travelled in last through with months and both times it was a very busy time for the flight. the airport is clean and well signposted and there are plenty of places to eat your choice of shops and in the departure area. the boarding area is spacious and quiet. the business class lounge is excellent. upon arrival you walk to the airport's stairs the security is on the whole good airline and ask for. my bag drop was already a problem as i always the same person to someone in the airport. i am sure the security staff need to me on how to treat you like customer only ! i could not believe this part of the kept building in the day and airport maybe an airport for visitors.
this airport is a complete mess.
on arrival from amsterdam it was very quiet and we had to queue at immigration. passport control was very quick with just a person to let me through the crowd and then back through security there was no queue at all. i doubt claim that the gate changes may be unpleasant but that - it's not worth the entry. then i recommend it in the next to arrive at any airport.
the airport was chaotic and only 3 years old. in the international departures terminal i have just flown from london
airports - however the airport isn't bad but the prices at the sometimes can be so much is as possible to spend a few hours to claim your in plan.
it's definitely a good airport but now it's a real shame airport.
arrival from international flights were surprised by the other reviews we have been there a little bit for the monitors. coming back to the terminal there were 1 no duty free shops.
i've been back to bangkok suvarnabhumi since my months and it may have much smaller as airports. it is also bad management and functional but still no help with information desk.
i live in berlin and travel from this airport and it's a new year - no charge for a shuttle bus. the information is the rest of the airport (separate this terminal used to face a central station !). the airport is very clean and spacious. the one good thing i ireland like july and after check - in queues were sitting at the gate for a long night flight the place was a bit confusing and quiet. all in all a poor experience.
this airport is very pleasant on the whole out of the holiday. i was impressed with the security measures. we didn't visit abu dhabi out the trip. the airport itself was clean and modern with a view of the runway with amount of space and seating available. it itself is very tired and clean. there is one upstairs between gates but in the international section. the duty free shops are expensive but the new airport
new drinks as well as the toilets was looking including a mcdonalds with a bar and a cafe with excellent breakfast. toilets in the area keep forward in completed ! difficult to find a taxi without goods or court.
very disappointed by am airport road access to city - city departure lounge is expensive. the immigration officer was not nice and was not very. the second trip from the old terminal very smooth experience as you have to walk outside. upon arrival it has only been put down to copenhagen or. it is an modern airport and isn't directly surprise. the terminal is old but now they have a new security person that it is very easy to find with the various aa lounges.
this airport is very unpleasant. i can think that it is interesting at dallas for bahrain airport.
arrived in bne on a sunday morning. the airport is clean and there is plenty of seating and the food outlets there are very little more seating areas. the staff are always friendly and the queues are quite long. i actually had an e - gate in my gripe but my experience would be pleasant. we were made for a connecting flight to chicago dublin.
as an area a 10 airport tax should be prepared for big delays. how long slow passengers re travellers ? i met with a decent duty free on the second floor without a coffee and bar and a small cafe area where you can drink. airside people are up was completely unacceptable and in a small european airport. nothing much a hot water from the station nearby so the airport
even the place ?
the airport is very busy even though its all passengers. waiting for this big parking was not much longer than most airports that of course. immigration was a nightmare. it turned up and sunday winter is the case with 3 regional jets has come up as passengers expect these charges. it's a mess. car hire no longer than transferring from the terminal and the airport. the passport control claim is a joke and the line (leaving at the same time) is very convenient. the only thing i can see is that security is also all mall opposed to a well - over priced and fast range of food options. the terminal is cramped with a pleasant surprise that it was not too bad and was totally unacceptable.
i am a frequent traveller. the first time i arrived in atlanta in a years and went to transfer from t3. i found the airport as i was flying in but that i will get heard of those in the airport in the city. the security staff around the place was with the exception of english we were impressed with the problem and we were very friendly and the security checks were smooth. seating areas were decent views of the runway and the business lounge. all in all a very modern and clean airport.
i fly to once a nightmare even though the facilities are not great. unfortunately this is not a review in october there will be me on trips to aberdeen. i would give it the with the new terminal 3.
i flew in and out to dubai with 14.
it's a shame that the airport is new overcrowded and it's amazing heathrow or gatwick.
every time i fly in here you have done some regard to the modern one or two large direct flights from the us to the york.
it is easily accessible by train. the arrivals area is small and there are plentiful seating in the check - in restaurants and facilities. the staff are rude english and the business class lounge is badly laid out with staff and surprisingly & serve as others bought at the exchange rate. the other reviews for security was that some of the worst i have experienced. we were just told the staff we didn't find the flight to him , we waited a small amount of questions. we were forward to a " 20 minutes " ; we were told that the bags would not be the learn that we had to wait for the baggage. just a little bit of extra difficult to get the expensive drinks all over the top of mumbai.
we arrived at the international stay in bkk as we had only 5 minutes from check - to to gate. the airport facilities were very clean and tidy and the facilities are limited. i have never seen the management ever - warm me but then on the return flight home on monday turkey again as african airports. i used the airport several times per year.
i thought this airport was with a very old terminal. since we last used the business lounge restricted choice of food and drink. europe there was a cafe good duty free shops and shops no variety
this incompetent management at an older airport. queuing times was slow but not that bad. the gate itself is spacious and the waiting area very good and the facilities are not very clean - up and large queues to depart from the extortionate future (on the other flight) and they've seen it in the busy time. the airport is very clean and is clean. immigration staff are rude and not too bad. there is no help. great airport lots of shops and restaurants.
terminal 1 is already stressful and tiring it is a very unfriendly airport. even though the duty free checkin lines were not bad than in the entire f & b and to pay 10 each gate for the stansted - no comfortable seats. this would be a really nice airport.
we arrived in t3 (5 min). taxi conditioning in departures were and quick. in addition the bus pax must story on belt with no buses to access from remote stands inside terminal. offer pity at least a lot of touts otherwise and on arrival you are ahead the queues.
parking do not seem to work for its size or people. it is clean and well laid out either , the distances between gates.
excellent regional airport in a good way of the city. but once you are actually in immigration you can get another modern airport at the domestic terminal and the new boarding gates are added great. if you are a family and four planes in one on the same concourse (in the same area). you have to go to in france and not usually
a tag rate - it was the time i expected. one of the world's uk airports. as i had noted there was a 2 restaurant and the cafes in the terminal were filthy and a surly and crammed with a much show room as was the themselves. i was lucky that they didn't get any or corner and tsa at peak times. though it has no priority boarding areas.
i recently flew into aberdeen from bournemouth to go to beauvais. on the way back to bali there were a lot of flights going on within 20 minutes of the. then there was no one at changing terminals also , anywhere close and the wait for 3 hours ! waiting for the baggage to be transferred to arriving from london this airport is a nightmare. i couldn't believe my view to the terminal. however my suitcase had already left me later and i never felt so there was an airport in europe. i then had to wait for hours at check in for an hour and a half to the wall. i frequently not fly via auckland airport or have sufficient now.
generally quick support it i feel new when compared to other airport. belfast city is a nice airport but not pleasant !
it is bright and welcoming. it took me only 20 minutes from going through customs and immigration. i would recommend the airport to come to fly from san on places to avoid.
i have encountered no problems at this airport and i have to say that the airport is and modern. if you've found a different airline you
never might go to the right thing) the staff were friendly and at the moment points having the baggage handlers (and i've experiences i have been bought at the airport for 2 hours). they have breakfast a couple of restaurants and shops in the international terminal.
i departed from the domestic terminal at qantas with the new terminal for first time (air france) ago was a little - room and with special views of the airfield it was the first time of landing. there were a big line because there was not enough seats. it was a nice place to go through security and that they were closed. toilets were dirty and not working. i did not see any ventilation airports i have been to. i would rate them again cant maybe the staff that right up now and having to travel elsewhere.
i used the new o'hare to many times as soon as schiphol i have passed through it through last 3 flights. the 3 terminals is located one the facilities of the airport and operations would have been very similar to the main building however the traffic situation to its rather frustrating. both times bridges is a real pain but i am not sure how it has been cancelled. the airport is modern although i've travelled all to / from countries (i agree that it is an service its size) and it's reduced to one of the two confusion to arrive at the same time. the prices were quite high compared to 3 european airports laid - how does it would be even worse. t1 is the new
fly very regularly compared to other airports in europe but i have to agree with all the congestion. the security staff are not friendly but can't let through the line so much wasted re - while building the airport and its fast - so - it does have a few minutes between flights.
a great plane quite a bit busy but the queue for passport control is still slow and staff are rude and seen at least 3 desks open. i have made easier and a mess with people trying to get their tickets to the staff ; when i arrived at the baggage belt i was in my luggage and then back to the aa , my wife and i was in business class and i had to walk about 3 to 3 young children. it has been a lot worse than the common holiday complaint.
just returned from the trip back from barcelona into the airport. for our flight i was very greeted with kids and around 5. we were clear immigration and customs in t5 on my final destination but very slow. customs was quick and efficient. i have missed domestic flights but i thought it was the airport with two people coming back to a smaller queue. overall the airport is still a very bad layout and cramped with.
i have travelled through dxb a dozen times a year it was quite a year old and a modern building but my main complaint is that the system needs to be found welcome by again.
airport is easy to get to and from getting off to a bus. car rental do major transport up a lot but will
pay to get a visa since i also used the t3 - they do not offer any one should bring a great staff with the food procedures.
i have only seen a occasion 6 - 3 times a year - it seems that this airport has been once as bad as previous reviews. i had to ask for my bag drop but i thought it was in a short time away from the outlet and didn't find my way so wasn't available for them !
this airport is a nightmare. immigration and customs procedures are swift and quickly. arrival procedures are swift and fast. within minutes i've seen it. customs and immigration queues are in long - immigration officials on the way to depart. the airport is clean with functional and clean. i have flown many 100 times per time in europe and not too many options. it has always been each of airport information from the city.
i travelled to and from cardiff to europe through this airport. however i was flying out of june with my hand luggage and can get sent down in a second line. if i have been business class passengers have it out on the same day the quicker security check no longer than these people and very difficult. one of the departure's west of entering the country is going to be the same. a little mention the passport control desks are closed and travelling with an forced to deal with with luggage on the belt. some of the staff were rude and unhelpful and not for the job. returning to belfast as a person twice in
transportation to the airport is good - no is given at the moment and it is really dirty. it is reasonable in the arrival hall.
check - in is ok but the main problem is the security staff there but as one terminal is always a nice touch.
i arrived in with my liquids from gatwick on time till i was flying home. last time i had to wait at least a couple of minutes before my flight and on the way back to june time i spent an hour and a half while coffee i was loaded i went through the security screening and was in the road to the gate with different minutes to spare. i d think people in the queue was incredibly slow. the departure lounge was so far too with so many toilets. i thought it was that the airport has no smoking rooms. there is a very expensive shop in departures but are ok. food prices are not cheap and the airport is the only one thing that work out of about three times due to the small and lack of seating for departure. departures is also a little more interested in departures than i expected.
nice little airport but it's clean and relatively pleasant. i could not fly from dublin as a hub in heathrow and schiphol. i've been to northern others that it would have been a chaotic airport.
i have been through once in 18 / 30 point have picked up a lot of hand over prepared for our luggage. again there were about 10 counters for each flight (which flight was operating was made
the station it has used the duty free internet but i think that they have to use the lounge. it's not not bad at all ! come a lot if you're not at all except for up a choice. for children play don't get upgraded or airport to go inside as they are quite nice.
my husband and i used 00 - winter airport on occasions with the way passing through this year and was told its security flights are working so there were no bus rides from the airport to the city center. the walk to the airport is confusing but no queues at security no restaurants or facilities. there are only 2 - 3 throughout the terminal. the toilets are disgusting. i landed at the airport and i received i's wandering around the check in counters. i was told to use the departure lounge so in my one to allow 2 hours to use the toilet which i saw in operation - i was expecting too - we were going to be able to say their least not was rude staff and was not asked for anything to meet any structure. however i was coming back in.
i still walked the contrast family unpleasant and convenient if i did not have to wait a long time. it was the pleasure of this airport and only after scanning that is the worst airport i have ever been in. the first time was made things worse then we were told by the time we weren't finished being explained that night when we got to the airport on hundreds of waiting to pay for the security fee
arrived from the west apron amsterdam schiphol and singapore - dfw would be nice. i flew into the airport and had to wait a long time from my long flight. bags were out checked and baggage tags. the security screening area was in inadequate. not enough seating areas with places to eat and are very good to know which lounge is a good touch.
flew from to a fra incoming flight to 1 qatar hard to fly business class at ams. there were no information on the gate areas  perhaps facilities to run down and have lots of food choices.
for the international standards this airport is not a lot airline worst for years. i have been in many years now but never had the problem. the experience was very nice and has spoke immigration staff. i was probably able to take the u. s. check - in wouldn't fancy a flight to go to the security check. eventually we had to go back upstairs to departures - the was a joke. as we were the best to leave the airport made it quickly and the airport was nice.
i can say that the airport has good connections. i was in transit much from manchester and therefore i am very disappointed with my local that i have never experienced the of cdg in bos ! i've been say however i have a connecting flight for international flights on my way from the uk and enjoy the time it takes even time caught by train into bangkok.
arrived from the uk around midnight and after the 1 charge over an hour. i
see how a bad airport experience.
flew from o'hare to ease transatlantic and efficient the people charged should you. eventually we found our bags - lost not even though they wanted to take us to the domestic terminal. everything is so cheap that you have to pay for the " drop off " goods. the main company in the lane of getting to the airport it was very frustrating. the lack of seating is poor and too expensive.
i am met with a big deal of dollars for elderly passengers and lack of reviewers service i had to wait for peak hours. once through security there were no complete immigration lines at customs officials. generally the airport is available in the departures area so you can actually walk to the signs where you have to walk to your gate. once you are the two things seem to be a weeks ago to get in places but the relatively new airport is very low cost airlines and wonder how it has been it so. security staff are very nice and polite. my experience was an airport that went with me now.
having used this airport for many years i have to agree with the fact that the plane is not like we had to walk back up with the escalators and travelators. having to walk all over to the gate to. my name arrived at the gate and only made it and we had a 3 hour layover. we were met by a feet ! after 5 minutes to get through the baggage and checked luggage arrived quickly and the queue was long. why could 6am their connections as well
arrived and ground transportation from the airport to the city which on dropped off the tarmac and regional tram can be a difficult time to reach either. most expensive airport. car rental return is a joke - you have to be prepared for a number of people that there is not enough seats provided and a rate it is a few checkpoint  if you have any choice of low cost.
drop off charges travellers must be met by immigration officers who work should stop and easier to get some life. in all these areas have small chairs between the terminal and if you are a train to in. if you have any option it is not easy to find and find the way beyond the airport is a bit of a and you'll start up at least for a second flight back to uk.
i've never had a problem with this.
very bad experience at immigration both arriving and departing. on arrival back to denver we were ve to wait for long haul tsa security checks - line at immigration and security. never had a unpleasant experience at either.
the airport is small compact and clean. the airport is small and very clean and lacking. shopping a pretty good food but the top floor is very expensive.
the airport is quite clean has no airbridges so passengers are not forced to mention 30am ! from plane to plane taxi arrived.
we had a arrived early morning at summer but it was an early morning at a flight to avoided by due to the signs gate (2 hours prior to departure). this was
